hey . call me idealistic , but i choose to fight the impossible fight . 	i like your attitude . as a citizen barely a year older than you i should really take this as a good example . 
i never leave my house without looking fabulous . even if its for a 12 dollar toy haha 	man after my own heart . 
while i agree with you about these people needing to wear better attire , they ca n't help it , that is the way they are . amiibo are the only things they know in their lives . quite sad really . 	hey . call me idealistic , but i choose to fight the impossible fight . 
just because of this i 'm showing up to target tomorrow in sweat pants and a three wolf moon shirt . 	totally have that shirt , and totally will be wearing it . 
i am disappoint . you really should post victory pictures when you get your ness though . 	do n't worry i will post victory pics . 
other than scalping , what 's the purpose of buying five of one figure ? 	custom amiibo 's 
as it is with anything , you will buy whats available . if there are only 3 lucario for example , i will still pick up 2 . 	even if there are people waiting in line behind you ? that 's not what a cool guy would do . 
other than scalping , what 's the purpose of buying five of one figure ? 	i have little siblings that i do n't want going out or waiting in line in below zero weather 
you can also sub shredded chicken for grilled chicken at no extra charge in case you were n't already aware ! it 's also a lot cheaper to add steak if you substitute it for shredded chicken . 	i actually get no chicken because i do n't eat meat . hence why the sauce is very important to me lol . 
so i ca n't earn my business administration degree with a concentration in marketing and have a minor in business economics ? 	unfortunately , no . you cannot . you can have a double concentration , though . 
the only thing more powerful than talk no jutsu . 	i did n't realize dragon ball z was a ninja show too 
this is so cool , how do you actually do it though ? 	when it 's really cold outside , you use your nipple to cut straight through the vodka bottle . 
be careful . i have a friend who did this and it looked great . but one of them exploded in her dishwasher .   	that 's maybe cause you 're friend is a lazy dumbass then , i 'm sure when they 're making vodka bottles they do n't make them to be dishwasher safe . 
when it 's really cold outside , you use your nipple to cut straight through the vodka bottle . 	instructions unclear , dick wo n't cut glass 
so about the micro crack thing . if putting it in a hot dishwasher causes the cracks to expand and pop , would a super cold drink not affect these flaws in some way as well ? 	it would . these are a cool idea , but in practicality not something you want to be holding in your hand and then up to your face repeatedly . 
this is so cool , how do you actually do it though ? 	using a dremel i 'm guessing . i bought one the other day for 70 dollars . pretty nifty . 
well what do you call it ? 	a parking ticket for parking on the wrong side of the street . 
when it 's really cold outside , you use your nipple to cut straight through the vodka bottle . 	last night , i found out what nipple blades are because of cah . this sounds more painful . 
i 'll start a business and sell them . not only do i get the benefit of drinking the contents , people will pay me for it ! 	i would buy some . 
if you go through etsy , you 'll run into a lot of people already selling these . i would give the lamp idea a shot . could see something niche like that selling well to a small market ! 	in florida , just about every tourist gift shop has 10 - 15 different tacky varieties of beer bottles turned into lamps or night lights . 
another good reason not to do this is that it 's tacky as hell . 	or you can do whatever you want and not he a dick to other people . 
can you do a diy for smoothing the rim of the glass ? i 've always wanted to do this , but was n't sure about where you drink . 	you can use a disc sander or you can sand the edges by hand to smooth the edges . 
yeah , this technique does not work at all . i went through probably 24 bottles , and every single one of them broke into a jagged monstrosity . 	i scored mine with a glass cutter and heated the line before quickly chilling it . mine worked out mostly fine . 
i 'll start a business and sell them . not only do i get the benefit of drinking the contents , people will pay me for it ! 	it would be pretty amazing if you could sell them for at least as much as the full bottle is worth . 
both . i use a machine to get the rough shape in place and use hand to finish the rest , especially the inside of the bottle . very hard to get the machine in there to do anything useful . 	ever thought about using a dremel tool ? 
i think it 'd look a lot cooler if the glass was frosted . 	well , looks like op has to break this one and make one from frosted glass .  do it op 
sometimes reading reddit is like walking into a room , hearing gibberish , and walking right back out . 	i thought these were artists or philosophers i 'd never heard of until i googled it . 
be careful . i have a friend who did this and it looked great . but one of them exploded in her dishwasher .   	nowhere on the bottle does it say dishwasher safe . 
be careful . i have a friend who did this and it looked great . but one of them exploded in her dishwasher .   	could n't this be prevented by again heating the glass ? 
this is so cool , how do you actually do it though ? 	fire and string or some such nonsense . if only there was a way to search the sum total of all human knowledge . 
its kinda how a metal cylinder is really bendy until you add ribbing to it . 	that does n't relate . that is a different shape . a sawed - off bottle is the same shape as a drinking glass . 
a sharp flame ? 	using context , in going to assume that means something focused like a blowtorch versus something like a lighter or candle . 
when it 's really cold outside , you use your nipple to cut straight through the vodka bottle . 	most people can only do two at a time , but i can do three thanks to my otherwise superfluous nipple .  double nipples people hate me . 
another good reason not to do this is that it 's tacky as hell . 	thank you . at least one person is smart enough to realize this is the fastest way to make your home look like a shitty dorm room . 
but does n't recycling glass use more energy than making new glass ? 	yes , but recycling is about creating make - work jobs , profits for the recycling companies , and making people have good feels . 
i 'll start a business and sell them . not only do i get the benefit of drinking the contents , people will pay me for it ! 	if you go through etsy , you 'll run into a lot of people already selling these . i would give the lamp idea a shot . could see something niche like that selling well to a small market ! 
be careful . i have a friend who did this and it looked great . but one of them exploded in her dishwasher .   	as long as it did n't explode in her mouth .  that 's what she said .  shut up , michael . 
it will break into 400 pieces leaving everything unusable .  that shit does n't work .  get a cheap glass cutter and warm the bottle and dip in cold water . works way better . 	but then how are there so many videos of people making it work ? 
yeah , this technique does not work at all . i went through probably 24 bottles , and every single one of them broke into a jagged monstrosity . 	i actually had success with it , first one turned out ok , tries 2 - 24 ended up totally unusable though , each subsequent bottle was worse than the last . 
you can use a disc sander or you can sand the edges by hand to smooth the edges . 	thank you very much . appreciate it . looking for a small project to do . 
are you sanding them by hand or machine ? 	both . i use a machine to get the rough shape in place and use hand to finish the rest , especially the inside of the bottle . very hard to get the machine in there to do anything useful . 
when it 's really cold outside , you use your nipple to cut straight through the vodka bottle . 	if you 're really skilled , you can do it when it 's warm outside . 
what do you use the sand ?  im using wet sand paper and it takes me hours .  ive been meaning to find an electronic substitute . 	emery cloth , and a sandstone bit for a dremel tool , although those can wear down rather quickly . 
the idea of holding onto the bottle like that while inflicting a stress fracture scares me . 	hold onto it with gloves or a towel . just do n't light the gloves or towel on fire . 
when it 's really cold outside , you use your nipple to cut straight through the vodka bottle . 	that does n't sound right , but i do n't know enough about glass cutting to dispute it 
be careful . i have a friend who did this and it looked great . but one of them exploded in her dishwasher .   	this happened to me too , they 're not dishwasher safe unless you cook them in a kiln . 
that 's pretty cool .  i think other colors would work better , though . maybe red or green ? 	probably ! i made this for a friend and he wanted the blue . i probably would have gone with the multi - colored lights if it was for myself . 
when it 's really cold outside , you use your nipple to cut straight through the vodka bottle . 	i read this with a russian accent . 
because fuck recycling right ? 	lol did you think before you typed this or were you too worried about trying to shut somebody down ? 
but does n't recycling glass use more energy than making new glass ? 	depending on your region and the efficiency of the recycling plants and garbage trucks , paper and plastic might also produce a net loss when recycled . 
art is an explosion ! 	pop art . 
just wash them by hand , no problem . 	instructions not safe , glass exploded in my hands 
dude . 	man . i gotta sit down for a bit 
be careful . i have a friend who did this and it looked great . but one of them exploded in her dishwasher .   	i was under the assumption that you should never dishwasher something that does n't say its dishwasher safe , especially after a few modifications like these . 
one could build a pretty cool glass gravity bong with this . 	how ? no glass containers except for maybe handles have the volume you 'd want in a gravity bong . just use a 2 liter soda container . 
be careful . i have a friend who did this and it looked great . but one of them exploded in her dishwasher .   	correct , bottle glass is of much cheaper quality then drinking glass and can break too easily , use it for display but not for serving drinks 
be careful . i have a friend who did this and it looked great . but one of them exploded in her dishwasher .   	how do you cut the glass ? 
when it 's really cold outside , you use your nipple to cut straight through the vodka bottle . 	but how do you do this if you are n't russian ? 
be careful . i have a friend who did this and it looked great . but one of them exploded in her dishwasher .   	i 'm more frightened of massive cuts at the corners of my mouths 
so you use the heat gun around the score on glass then dip it in ice cold water ? 	yes , once scored replace hot water for really hot air 
i 'll start a business and sell them . not only do i get the benefit of drinking the contents , people will pay me for it ! 	you should have had your business ready to go so someone better organized does n't cop that idea before you roll out 
i 'll start a business and sell them . not only do i get the benefit of drinking the contents , people will pay me for it ! 	i 'd buy one of these . 
that does n't sound right , but i do n't know enough about glass cutting to dispute it 	as a glass cutting professional , i can confirm . 
it 's possible to play very well , and lose . some teams are just better , and then theres lundqvist . 	think it 's more than that since we lost 6 - 3 . 
where 's that this year ? 	he 's two points behind ekblad . he was n't doing too well at the beginning of the season , but he 's been doing much better as of recent . he was an nhl star of the week in january . 
he 's two points behind ekblad . he was n't doing too well at the beginning of the season , but he 's been doing much better as of recent . he was an nhl star of the week in january . 	still waiting for him to break out , and show whether he scores or sets up . 
boy i ca n't tell what is n't working 	it 's possible to play very well , and lose . some teams are just better , and then theres lundqvist . 
he 's two points behind ekblad . he was n't doing too well at the beginning of the season , but he 's been doing much better as of recent . he was an nhl star of the week in january . 	yeah , hubby has been solid after the first month of the season . 
is that girl famous or something ? she looks so familiar . 	she probably makes more stuff with funny or die , which is super popular 
ya but the only problem is that i can until i get the money for my birthday in late march , i did hear that the 3xx series is coming out soon , would that be better ?   	hell yeah wait ! that will be a big game changer so hold out . 
i think i 'm turning into a barbarian but i would n't have a problem if they 'd use chemical weapons on daesh . 	i do n't think you 're alone . if it were n't for all the innocent civilians living in isis hell i 'd say a few well placed tactical nukes were in order . 
final destination 2 really fucked me up for a while . 	i had no idea what i was in for when i first saw that movie . the highway scene came as a complete shock so i sympathize , brother . 
i can do the nest ball weedle instead of the snivy . 	i too got someone who wants to do the weedle , im still updating the list 
people out there need it and i have some to spare . i may need a transfusion one day . 	thank you . if you have a medical condition , a medical bracelet or a card in your wallet with your information and blood type are very important . 
well , i ca n't cause i 'm a gay person with tattoos , go figure . 	denying someone the right to donate because they 're gay is n't right , but the tattoo thing is . 
i 'd love some high and noble answer , but i get money for my plasma so 	my buddy was doing this for quite some time . his arm turned this weird yellowish green and he stopped . 
woah , that 's a pretty long walk there . sorry you had to do that and i hope it was n't too rough on you . 	it was worth the walk , the small slush lake was my favourite thing . 
you 're going to have more fun in lowsec and probably get more chances to use your dread there now then in none . check out mafia redux 	hell , you could play in wh - space if you wanted to . 
hmm really ? how difficult is that to go about ? the system is a paper weight now so once i 've transferred my nnid i would n't mind giving it ago 	well , you need a file of the nand .  if you do n't have a copy of your nand , there 's not much you can do . only thing left is to replace the motherboard . 
you can get a copy of the nand with the exploit , and you can also write a nand file to the nand .  you only need a nand mod with solder if you bricked your 3ds and ca n't load anything 	hmm really ? how difficult is that to go about ? the system is a paper weight now so once i 've transferred my nnid i would n't mind giving it ago 
as someone who has an nvidia card , how is this worse for me ? 	it 's great for you . this is part of why you paid more for an nvidia card . nothing 's stopping amd from doing the same . 
they sure did a pretty good job with ubisoft 's gameworks games 	depends on the game . ac : u 's problems were engine related so you ca n't blame nv for that but fc4 seemed to run game works just fine . 
freesync and mantle are both proprietary .  amd did the same kind of deal with bf4 to get mantle in it .  everyone is doing it . 	yeah but amd also took mantle to nvidia and offered it up and nvidia turned their nose up at it . freesync is open source . 
freesync and mantle are both proprietary .  amd did the same kind of deal with bf4 to get mantle in it .  everyone is doing it . 	freesync module is open , nvidia just does n't want it .  amd also stated nv are more than welcome to use mantle , they do n't want it . 
did we forget that for many people that far cry 4 had major performance and stuttering issues on both amd and nvidia cards ? 	not my card . 
depends on the game . ac : u 's problems were engine related so you ca n't blame nv for that but fc4 seemed to run game works just fine . 	did we forget that for many people that far cry 4 had major performance and stuttering issues on both amd and nvidia cards ? 
they are not free if somebody else bought them . that 's how it works for gw2 . 	what i mean is , is that the player will naturally have excess gold to spend in game . which means , no real world money comes out of your pocket . 
well . i dont have the numbers in mind , but i dont think the number is that high , is it ? 	it is for a max level , yes .  350 - 550 . it goes up 50 each level . 
120 keys for the howl ? 	125 keys is already market price so 125 for a bta is quiet fair price in my book . 
we 've got the potential to be better , but we 've got 3 question marks in minor , miller , and whoever wins the 5th spot . 	yeah . we get hurt on these kind of lists because of lot of casual fans probably could n't name a single one of our starting pitchers . i believe we should be at least 5th . 
as in before and after legalization , what were the pros and cons faced by the pot smoking public of the state . 	i 've noticed a decrease in street dealers , as most people would rather just buy from the local shop . 
about the only negative is if you are a non - smoker , and almost everywhere you go in public smells like pot . so count that against a million reasons for it . 	really ? so if you go to a park in colorado , it smells like weed ? 
cool dude sounds like a plan . it 'll be in our new house to , so set will be perfect 	best of luck dude , hope you have an awesome time ! 
did you have an mdma tolerance ? 	not at all . my previous roll was probably a few months before this experience and i had only taken up to 0 . 15 grams before 
it does n't .  everything is untradeable .  these scrolls are pretty nice to have though . 	well , you could sell service , though keeping this kind of items ca n't hurt either . 
i think there 's a real name for that , one that does n't make it sound like it 's a snuff film . 	masochistic fantasy ? 
and insulting to the bdsm community . 	i 'll take your word for it on that one , i have no intention of ever reading those . 
whooshed over my head . check out the link , it 's dirty harry explaining what makes him sick . 	i 'll have to check it out when i get home , unfortunately , but i shall do so then ! 
i 'm a girl and talked my fiancee into going to see it . my friend did the same to her husband . 	did you threaten to revoke sex or something ? it would take a lot to make most guys i know watch that movie . 
fifty shades of gay . 	you 're 50 shades of gay 
that 's a straw man .  i 'm saying that his ignorance regarding the spelling of these words is inexcusable . 	literally one letter , and you 're going off like this ? wow , man . i hope you have a reason to be happier for the rest of the day . 
i 'm a girl and talked my fiancee into going to see it . my friend did the same to her husband . 	i 'm a girl and i do n't want to watch bad movies about abused women . 
it 's basically abuse porn . 	i think there 's a real name for that , one that does n't make it sound like it 's a snuff film . 
man you 're so forgetful . 	you suck at this . you 're getting me butt hurt . next time , just use the tip . that 's all that 's really needed . 
tifu , i decided to go see fifty shades of grey . because poorly written twilight fanfiction that involves a bit of rape is the perfect movie for date night . 	i keep hearing about twilight fan fiction . where is that info from 
this is the best answer to that question . 	this is the most obvious response to that statement . 
fan vote instead maybe ?  the fans get to choose which dunks they 'd like to see ? 	fans are bad at deciding . pls no 
shut up you fat wanker . it 's a shit idea . 	so instead of pizza and cake and pop tarts , you think people should only get pizza . got it . thanks ! 
so far doing pretty well . close to half of them all , with most event pokemon taken care of . 	keep me updated if you can , im interested to see how far you get : d 
thank you . been working on it for awhile .  thanks for trade . 	likewise man - hope you succeed soon ! 
a correction : the wooden raft paddling speed has been significantly increased in the new version . i would not recommend going above two times speed if you want to stay on your raft . 	can i crouch in the life boat and go x4 ? 
what 's so great about frozen and how is it different than other disney movies ?  never bothered to watch it . 	it did a few things differently than other disney fairy tales , most notably with the common tropes you see in such stories . 
kami - band solo 2 . no international sports event would ever be the same again . 	we have a winner . 
lucky stupid bastard . 	whilst i think he 's an idiot , and would have deserved worse injuries , i 'm happy for the truck driver he does n't have to live with a worse result . 
thanks dude , exactly the kind of app i was looking . dont like that it wants access to all your passwords though 	it only needs that because the volume keys are considered keyboard inputs by the android system . it wo n't record actual keyboard inputs though 
peach : toad ,  lucario : double team ,  greninja : substitute 	i know their moves , but none of them function that way in their original games . 
i know their moves , but none of them function that way in their original games . 	substitute does , but double team kinda does n't . 
there is a pokemon fighting type move called counter that lucario learns through leveling up . 	is n't that double team though ? the shifting after - images lead me to believe so . 
is n't that double team though ? the shifting after - images lead me to believe so . 	rest is n't an instakill either . i 'll give it a pass . 
did you read brent weeks 'other series night angel ? 	no i have n't . did n't even know he had more books . 
i know at this point few people are suprised , but that does n't lessen the fact that this is disgusting and there ought to be harsh repercussions for those involved . 	i think prison sentences for the people that said yes for this to happen . once that happens people might start thinking should we really do this . 
why is simmons such a tool towards the thunder ? 	he is a massive prick , just comes natural to him . 
yeah , we found it to be the case when he attempted to put a new choke on the shorty version to hold two more shells . 	ok , what about stuff like sights or furniture ?   
uber tacky .  this is why i 'm still hunting for skins . 	maybe it just does n't show as well on the outside but the skin looks far from tacky in my opinion 
just push through it . 	it might be hard , but you just need to relax . 
looks pretty great . are you the other room mate ? 	yep , it 's getting pretty close to march , so i thought i 'd post it up here too . 
not saying it should , just giving a reason and telling you where you should point your anger . 	if a dog is constantly trying to bite me , but the leash is keeping him two inches away from my face , i do n't blame the leash for the problem . 
what bothers me more is that about a year after those commercials air you then see commercials asking if you or a loved suffered or died after taking said drug . 	i have a very low trust for pharmaceutical medicines at all anymore , seems like theres more side effects than benefits 
i would blame the person who is letting the biting dog come close to me . 	ah , okay . you 're right , the government should put tighter regulation on the drug companies . 
i get angry at the fact that there are drug commercials . pharmaceutical drugs should not be a part of consumer culture . 	exactly , if i ca n't walk into a drugstore and buy it over the counter there is no purpose to trying to market the stuff through television commercials to the general public . 
i get angry at the fact that there are drug commercials . pharmaceutical drugs should not be a part of consumer culture . 	and this is generally the outlook of many other countries who do not peddle prescription medicines directly to the consumer . 
wait , what 's ban evading ? 	it 's when you delete your username from a post so people ca n't see who broke the rules , or if you 've been banned on an account , you make another to continue posting . 
i agree . but you probably ca n't harvest the meat after that . what a waste . 	it showed the deer on the site , fully intact and edible . 
as an avid deer hunter , that seemed a little fucked up to me . but i also see the skill in shooting a deer with a cannon .   	i agree . but you probably ca n't harvest the meat after that . what a waste . 
that is like one of my favorite albums and i had no idea . she truly is an excellent specimen of the tribe . 	yup . son of quincy jones , is co - directing next toy story movie , graduated from harvard . 
yup . son of quincy jones , is co - directing next toy story movie , graduated from harvard . 	wow , she 's pretty hot for a guy . 
dont listen to those people , amiibo are your family 	yes master , all 28 of them are calling to me to empty my bank account or kill my family to bring their leader villager home to them . 
i bought the official samsung spare battery kit and it comes with a nice little plastic case that the extra battery goes in , i put that in my pocket .   	lol just fully read the reply that is the one you 're talking about . 
i bought the official samsung spare battery kit and it comes with a nice little plastic case that the extra battery goes in , i put that in my pocket .   	okay do you know if these get sold separately ? i tried google but kept getting the samsung battery kit . i 'm assuming that 's the one you 're talking g about . 
they 're not selling it . those classes are available free as well . you just have to unlock them using a different character first . my guess would be to reach a certain level to unlock it . 	i hope its something like that and not farm this resource for months and months and buy it from the cash shop : s 
have they said how long will cbt be open ? 	mostly unknown . the first cbt will be around a week long , with the second phase starting shortly after . 
mind pointing me in the right direction friend ?  was considering picking up a pack and would n't mind playing it first . 	the ru beta is closed for now , but check sf . mail . ru . 
i 'm just going off valves tendency to nerf random heroes . 	valve does n't nerf heroes 
does anyone else think that nyquist needs to shoot the puck more on the power play ? to me he seems to be trying to hard to set someone else up . 	hes missed so many scoring chances by trying to get an assist instead . he needs to think shoot first , thats what was working for him . 
next game : try sleeping for the first , wake up and watch the remaining ! 	that may be my next approach , i guess third time was the charm for me this cali trip 
fuck everything about that game so glad we won . fuck off couture you slimy piece of shit . 	that 's gotta be 2 games . no excuse for a slew foot . 
i have a harder time with giant lord than fume knight . 	hahaha oh my god this is probably the most backwards thing i 'v heard , first person i 'v ever seen say that .  good luck with that either way . 
is there an anime with a prince who fucks lots of ladies ? or just a main character that has a lot of sex 	i 'm not really the right person to ask but google is your friend . 
what about 3 ? big wheels are cool . 	ok . unicycle and big wheel dlc . i 'm in ! 
man , there are n't even any total war - like desktop games . 	sad but true . 
so , what happens when i change from normal server to beta server ? do i keep my ships and money ? or is it just another server where i have to start all over again ? 	start all over again . but things tend to be really cheap so you 'll have easy access to new ships . 
how large is the download this time ? 	full game . so around 3gb 
title is a bit misleading . i thought the update was live for everyone . please mention the beta in it . 	the release schedule is known . one click and the forum post says beta . oh , the humanity ! 
are the specs and price of the new ships available anywhere ? 	i am also interested in this . would like to know the price range . 
either way , they have not fixed it yet . i do n't need to have it be high res , i just want it regular , and not warped . warped screenshots have absolutely no use to me . 	unfortunately , there may not be a fix for it , what we have now is the fix for the larger problem . 
not the same guy but proper software sources will get you the same effect with standard stereo headphones . 	this is true . as much as i hate razer products , their surround software is actually pretty effective , for example . 
man this is peasant band material . pray to lord gaben that the holy light of google fiber visits you soon . 	you are the reason class warfare is a thing . 
so , what happens when i change from normal server to beta server ? do i keep my ships and money ? or is it just another server where i have to start all over again ? 	you have to start over again on the beta server , but if i remember right all the ships cost 100 credits . your normal account is n't affected at all . 
they 've worked fast since they started this . i 've never been more impressed with the way they keep up with feedback . 	not sure if frontier are super pro or if all other game dev companies are unnecessarily slow . either way , awesome for us ! 
i do hope they learned from last beta 1 . 1 release . they pushed it , missed the major bugs and got a lot of backlash from the community 	it looks like quite a bit more was fixed in this release than was added as new stuff . hopefully that means they did a better job of bug testing this time 
how long will this be in beta ? 	1 week , if testing is successful . it might be , because while there are healthy list of issues , nothing they have n't fixed before . 
you say that like it 's a bad thing . 	it is n't . i am however on the side of the peasants . 
question - if i was n't a backer and bought the game recently , how do i get access to beta patches ? 	currently you ca n't . i 'm sure they may open it up to more people through paid access . it would n't be fair to allow open beta testing for those who did n't pay a beta package price tag . 
she said it was a million dollar wound , but the government must keep that money or something . 	best thing about getting wounded in the buttocks , is the ice cream . 
her shoulder does n't extend the end of the shoulder dome . try and visualize her inside the suit . 	her armpits are where it 's most obvious . like , on the mirror location of where the zero suit armpit is , the suit armpit is pretty clearly well past that . 
thanks man . is there a good place to get read up about a slow bulk ? i 'm not entirely sure i know what that is . 	how did you get that body then if you do n't know how to bulk ? genetics ?  congrats ! 
no offense , but assuming has caused you big problems already . do n't assume on this too . 	none taken . i 'm going to the dmv after i check with the body shop if my car can be fixed 
i cum on all my friends 'faces . 	can i be your friend ? 
that 's not as uncommon as you might think . i had to talk my sister out of seeing a guy for that reason . 	what makes guys be parents in such young age ? 
h2a has the worst hit detection of all of the games and i consistently get the most lag on it . if they fix that , maybe . 	worse than h3 ? you 're joking right ? 
halo 2 had dlc maps as well . only halo 1 has n't and that 's because live did n't exist at the time . 	i did n't play h2 so thanks for adding that . 
we should n't have to pay for them .   	why not ? it 's not like ca does n't work hard on them . you ca n't expect them to work for free for us . it 's really entitled . 
source ? you 're literally making assumptions out of nothing . 	bullshit , the clipper requires you to be at rank baron or above to buy it . there 's your proof . learn the game before you talk shit , mate . 
very pleased to read that . welcome . 	thanks , your knowledge and activity on this sub helped greatly . 
i 'm confused , you 're the same person ? 	yeah , for some reason i made a throwaway account for the first one . 
my body does n't recognize when it is hungry . 	i have a co - worker who is the same way . his condition is a side effect of a weight loss surgery . 
my body does n't recognize when it is hungry . 	i have the same problem , to an extent . i do n't ever feel hunger , but sometimes my stomach will growl if i forget to eat . do you know if it 's common ? 
if he keeps it up , some day he might be as bad as barry sanders , who holds the nfl record in that department . 	hell yeah man , thought this exact same thing when i saw this , except you said it way better than i could have . 
if he keeps it up , some day he might be as bad as barry sanders , who holds the nfl record in that department . 	as weird as this topic is , i upvoted the post because the discussion sounds interesting . 
but saying this without showing the o - line situation at the time makes it less relevant . 	except it 's not just referring to the early part of last season where our ol was decimated . other than that , our ol was considered near tops in the league . 
if he keeps it up , some day he might be as bad as barry sanders , who holds the nfl record in that department . 	that would be horrible . haha 
except it 's not just referring to the early part of last season where our ol was decimated . other than that , our ol was considered near tops in the league . 	but who 's to say that a majority of these were n't from last year 
i dunno what to tell you apart from , it 's definetly not a bootleg .  getting a bootleg from amiami is like getting a bootleg from big bad toy store 	then the paint application is absolutely shitty on this figure . it looks like he applied makeup on all his teeth , and the painting on the teeth is crooked and off . terrible . 
too bad all the arrows are backwards . wind direction is reported as where it 's flowing from , not to . otherwise a neat trick . 	thanks for the comment . i 'll address it directly . it is easy to adjust by using a formula 
woah that 's crazy . i normally stop and do my shopping at walmart in either st . louis or nashville , would i be able to find it there ? 	i have no idea , there are only a few types of gas stations that sell it in my area but you can order it online . 
i feel you . had one of those on chicago last september and it was amazing but i 'm ready to see mac under the stars keep on calling my name . 	when he calls on your name does he also come out to kiss you ? he likes to kiss male audience members . and stick smokes up his butt , and other weird shit ! 
as a hydra - run shield , it might make sense to get her to hate shield so that she 's a willing hydra asset in the future . 	but why would that be worth the effort even to hydra ? she 's literally a bog standard untrained woman . a normal person holding a knife would be more effective . 
right ? we saw her kill one person , if i 'm remembering it right , and that was entirely be sneak attack . 	that same attack would 've been just as effective if she 'd just been holding a box cutter . 
just weld them off . 	welding joins two pieces of metal , it does n't cut it . 
ah makes sense . very cool . 	indeed , it would be fucking cold out there ! 
as someone with an indy alt , this man is correct . 	you ca n't hope to make money or be organised without em , but it is also kinda fun . part of the challenge : d 
i do know , because i played it . 	you 've played a very small section of the game . 
i find it hard to believe that more people have backed the game because they saw chris roberts was involved than those who did so because it looked like a cool space sim . 	ya i did n't really know who he was . just that he was making something i 'd dreamed about playing . 
really ? your parents allow you free and open access to the net , at your age ?  parents , these day . 	sorry , but when you use a bad joke that is run into the ground so much it would not even be used in scary movie you need to re - evaluate your life 
hi , i 'm 8 years old and like to use this epic maymay coined by zero punctuation . 	really ? your parents allow you free and open access to the net , at your age ?  parents , these day . 
you do n't know that . nobody does . we hope it wo n't , but oh so many times we have been burned by over hyping games . 	good point , lets just downvote him for his optimism . gj boys 
looks cool , hope it has nothing to do with mmo eve , besides developer ? 	how is multiple shared server games affecting each other not awesome . 
you do n't know that . nobody does . we hope it wo n't , but oh so many times we have been burned by over hyping games . 	i do know , because i played it . 
clearly you have n't had human sex 	human sex is great , but its definitely not beautiful 
i never thought i 'd say this but i sorta wish we had evolved from snails . 	clearly you have n't had human sex 
it had such a fantastic narrator , and yet , somehow the slug noises drove me crazy . im sorry slugs ! i still love you , i swear !  that was super neat though ! 	well , you 're not doing it right unless it sounds like you 're stirring a bowl of macaroni and cheese . 
stop already , i can only get so erect . 	slug life . 
i understand that but the business did not ask her to stop filming . 	business does n't have to , a customer can . 
do n't you have some amp program for it to set the sensitivity and volume your mic should pick up ? 	yes i do but the settings are extremely finicky , i might have to mess with it more but it might just be too sensitive to use for how small of an area i am working with . 
girls with big boobs , ez donation ez fame 	damn , i 'm not a girl and i ca n't even fit an a - cup 
are those the weather tech rain guards on your windows ? 	they 're the avs low profile rain guards . had to find something that did n't stick out from the body as far 
just want some insight ! i 'm a very worrisome person . 	it 's silly to worry about things you have no control over . 
just general . but i got this one within seconds of logging in . 	try leaving general and join reddit one instead . i play for hours and never got the scam msg 
dwarf fortress is a difficult roguelike , meaning everything is random and if a character dies it stays dead . 	with an extremely steep learning curve . 
what the fuck is dwarf fortress ? 	it 's a madman 's attempt to try to simulate an entire fantasy world down to the bones of the pinky toes 
you need to make a lot more money dude do n't have kids if you are going to go on food stamps i do n't want to pay for your kids 	well i 'm certainly not going to factor food stamps into my budget . who do you want to pay for ? do they let you choose that ? 
how do you not know how much it costs to live where you are ? are you living with parents ? 	oh , sorry , i know apartments are 700 - 900 for a reasonable one bedroom . i do n't know about houses . my mistake . 
that should be your first step , since , as i 'm sure you 've figured out , you 're gonna have a hell of a time raising 5 kids in a 1 - bedroom apartment . 	agreed . i am hoping that we can put getting a house on an 8 year timeline , about the time we have a second child 
oh , sorry , i know apartments are 700 - 900 for a reasonable one bedroom . i do n't know about houses . my mistake . 	that should be your first step , since , as i 'm sure you 've figured out , you 're gonna have a hell of a time raising 5 kids in a 1 - bedroom apartment . 
i want her to pop out of a box in season 8 . 	or what about life - size barbie packaging ? 
the problem with this episode was that no one was bad , so they had to punish the mediocre . 	yep . i just feel they picked the wrong mediocre person . 
jesus lord , please tell your fans that you kept breathing after your elimination . i get it was a close one , and your time was cut short but baby they 're freaking the fuck out . 	really , queen ? 
sure , but op was asking about the ethnicity . one might also point out that one can be a secular jew , a non - religious one . 	that 's fair enough then .  and yes , judaism is not an exclusively religious term . 
judaism is a religion as well as an ethnicity . 	sure , but op was asking about the ethnicity . one might also point out that one can be a secular jew , a non - religious one . 
there 's a parting in the middle . it 's just begging to be split into two and braided . beautiful . 	that part is there for that reason . when working around moving parts i braid it up to keep it safe 
i do n't really understand why they did n't just keep blitz but kill gold gain alongside the drop rates as you burn out of it . 	because bots would still get xp and get to level cap faster , where the actual gold is to be made . 
i still do n't know how he got up that high . i keep replaying to see if he stepped on someone or something lol . that second burst in the air just looks unnatural ! 	that 's exactly what happened . shout out to tom chambers . 
our first youtube video ! thanks . very cool btw ! 	thanks ! started doing some work on my youtube recently . so far been getting some good feedback , just trying to grow the audience now and create better content . 
yup , made sure of it . 	do n't know what to tell you man . that 's weird . 
they have more first - party games though , do n't think that 'll change any time soon . 	so ? is n't it evident that they ca n't turn a profit on first party - games alone ? 
i thought they had him stop because of how violent it looked , was it actually safety ? that makes sense , if thats the case . 	he kicked the shit out of vince . i do n't think it 's safe , you pretty much need to actually kick the guy to make it believable . 
ah , wish i could 've been a part of the good ole days . i 've pretty much given up on the arena , so i 'm now looking into the possibility of pulling one from the free for all . 	keep in mind , the ffa approach will require lots and lots of patience . from what others have said here , it could take you months before you 're lucky . 
trying a wall at that angle as a beginner is not very productive imo . honestly slab climbing is better for developing technique as a beginner . 	yeah it was very hard , was just at a friends house so thought we would give it a go for fun . this is not my main focus but it was a good time and i will try to keep working at it for sure ! 
lmao would be more realistic if the banners were any good .  those are pure shit . sorry to whoever made that shit .  oh my god . 	we know they 're bad . but there 's no reason to be a dick about it , sir . 
if they come to queens , i 'll be the first in line for season tickets . 	well technically , half of the belmont stadium would be in the boundaries of queens 
wait , i 'm lost . these look like love messages . what 's the problem ? 	they 're to women who these guys well never talk to , because women only go for assholes because they 're sluts and bitches 
i saw basically no fe in this game . however , i am a fan of games like this anyway , so i guess it is n't completely lost on me . 	it 's rumored that based on the characters looks , creature designs , and weapon choices that it 's going to borrow fe 's class system .  but i guess we do n't know for sure . 
you 've got signal issues in your house . need to have a tech come out to look . 	alright , i 'll call and make an appointment .  any idea why it would it only effect certain channels like that and not others though ? 
hmmm , alright .  i 'll definitely be sure to ask about the price .  i was n't expecting to pay anything .  thanks for the info . 	well if it 's issues inside the home that would fall under customer responsibility . they do n't repair inside wiring for free . that 's why it 's good to get an idea of costs . 
or it 's because there are other fresh , interesting games out there as compared to tf2 . which do you think is the case ?  you 're saying as though tf2 is the only decent game on the market . 	no , im talking about players who are leaving just because of the drop . i understand that some people wanna play different games and have gotten bored , or just sick of tf2 . 
i truly cannot understand why players are leaving tf2 just because of a economy drop that will last about 2 - 3 months .  calm your shit , players . 	or it 's because there are other fresh , interesting games out there as compared to tf2 . which do you think is the case ?  you 're saying as though tf2 is the only decent game on the market . 
this cpu cannot be overclocked . unless you plan to upgrade in the not so distant future you 'd be better off getting a different mobo and putting the money saved into a better gpu or ssd . 	oh ok . can you get a pc part list with a cpu and mobo that can overclock ? i 'm not terribly interested at since i dont really know what it is , but i can see into it . thanks so much . 
never tried it . i am constrained to using registered pesticides , so i never experimented with sunflower oil . i do n't see why it would n't work . 	nice , it 's the most used cooking oil in my country , i will try 
just needs a voice over and you can send it in to animal planet . 	quick , someone call sir david attenborough ! 
i loathe the norse portraits . i marry all my norse children to mediterranean princesses as soon as possible . 	the norse are purple and always look condescending when they grow up ! and they have the ugliest women . its says so in a game ! 
what beast of a machine do you need to run this . 	my brain ! 
yeah , that and mdma almost seem like endorsements . 	the way mdma is portrayed is pretty damn accurate , it 's called the love drug for a reason 
apparently it requires me to subscribe which costs money , otherwise i 'm unable to watch the video ? 	that 's correct . sorry ! it should be up on youtube pretty soon . 
play it for shits and giggles with friends . it 's not a card designed for competitive play and so demanding buffs for it makes little sense . 	got to be honest , it 's so bad people wo n't really use it for fun games . 
tirion is not as susceptible to silence as people think . i mean , after you silence him you still have to deal with a 6 - drop body . it 's ridiculous . 	most things which are worthy of being silenced just cut 1 - 2 mana off . 
apparently it requires me to subscribe which costs money , otherwise i 'm unable to watch the video ? 	he uploads his vods to youtube . if you subscribe , you can watch them before then .  seems fair to me . 
apparently it requires me to subscribe which costs money , otherwise i 'm unable to watch the video ? 	they 'll be up tomorrow , he usually uploads 3 parts a day on youtube 
yet you keep jaraxxus weapon .  honestly , if you ca n't play him with ice block he 's actually so bad that he can be played in exactly zero decks . 	he does work with ice - block , it 's just that majordomo has to pop before ice - block for rag to be immune . 
or we could just be satisfied with this being a hilarious card and leave it at that . not everything needs to be fun and competitively powerful . 	there 's no point in having a fun card if it 's so bad that no one plays it outside of pure joke decks . 
incidentally , this would probably make him a better card 	to make sure you ca n't play him if you accidentally put him in your deck . 
hey look , my tag works ! : d 	guys , deal with it you are a bunch of neckbeard faggots . and why wouldnt your tag work xd do you have a virus on your computer or something that wont let you tag someone ? 
lol hope i did n't come off as aggressive man . 	nah it 's cool bro . freshman or not , we have all still waited a long ass time lol 
you know what , you are right . huh , that 's so odd , i have been so sure of this for the last year or so . guess i never sat down and looked at a calender .  oh well haha . 	lol hope i did n't come off as aggressive man . 
i ca n't believe it has been that long . 	i was a freshman in high school when they announced this game , and i just recently turned 19 . 
thank you , i come from italy so i can easily access to euro coins . i 'll remember to take some if i 'll take any bus 	you 're welcome , good luck with the interview ! 
ah gotcha . maybe a second season ? 	maybe since the series is still ongoing but all 90 chapters will still be covered in this season . 
i just wanna butt in and ruin your hopes and dreams since i watched this late .  look at the animation quality .  we are n't getting 2 - cour . 	yeah i know , but somewhere deep down i hold out hope that this is all just some big prank . let me be in denial ok 
seriously ? now i have to read the manga to see how badly they fuck it up . 	or you could not , then not notice what goes wrong , and then be surprised at how much better the manga is when you read through it after the anime ends . 
was that counting the one in the opening ? 	op 's never count in the counting of something 
they 're trying to adapt over 80 chapters into a 12 episode anime , definitely gonna fuck it up compared to the manga , for the better or worse . 	seriously ? now i have to read the manga to see how badly they fuck it up . 
thanks it just takes time to figure out what works for you . i 'd really like to upgrade to full frame soon though , the crop sensor and horrible low light is pretty limiting 	great man keep it up ! just followed you on instagram ! 
i wish , i know one of the executives in the building 	anyways , keep up the good work . followed 
i 'm guessing many of the bad reviews came from people saw him before he got his new stage production that he debuted at ultra 	thought a lot of his visuals were pretty corny actually , looked like a glorified windows 98 screensaver half the time . absolutely love his music though . 
i 've tried that route but then they think i 'm faking it to avoid getting beaten up . i 've stopped trying to befriend girls . 	not that i 've had to resort to this , but i have pictures on my phone that would clear up any suspicions about my sexual orientation . lol 
you can say fuck on the internet . 	no shit , cause nobody can hear you . you can curse in the woods , too .   - mitch 
you can say fuck on the internet . 	watch your fucking language . 
so black holes are racist ? 	only if you 're a white hole 
did you ask it to leave ? 	who would stick around and wait for it to answer ? if i had to contemplate whether or not i wanted to ask and possibly anger a doll , i would n't stay around long . 
you can say fuck on the internet . 	yeah but f 'ing sounds better . especially when talking about tacos 
please give us an update when you talk to your pops about it . i 'm quite interested in what this is . 	no word yet . i 'll find out more if i can . 
who would stick around and wait for it to answer ? if i had to contemplate whether or not i wanted to ask and possibly anger a doll , i would n't stay around long . 	so true . 
it 's like vintage looking , worn down stuff that looks old but sells for ridiculous amounts of money . 	thats vintage .  primitive comes from the fucking jungle . this looks about right . looks like something they would sell in the goddamn louisiana bayou . 
set it free . give it a sock . 	nah , fucking kill the bastard . set it on fire . 
burn down the entire f 'ing house . 	i have to agree , their is something wrong with that doll , and her dog . 
is this what they talk about when they say that when you go black , you never go back ? 	some stains just wo n't wash out , even with bleach . 
just finished that movie like 5 minutes ago , it was soooooo gooood . 	ditto . goddamn that movie freaked me out . i hated that fucking kid though . 
racism racism racism . y 'all would n't bat an eye if the doll was white . 	what if it was creepy and a little hideous ? 
so black holes are racist ? 	no , in that case , not trusting black holes because they swallow light is racist . 
i fucking agree . 	fuck . 
burn down the entire f 'ing house . 	they wo n't have to , the doll will do it for them . 
it 's really fucking offensive 	fuck you i 'm offended ! 
your father in law has problems .  which means your wife will have problems . 	i would say the problem lies with the woman who thought it 'd be a good idea to bring it in the house in the first place , not my father in law , and certainly not my wife . thanks though . 
i 'm not sure , but it looks like a baby or something . or maybe a dog now that i look again . 	1 . who put it their  2 . why the fuck you aint run away ?  you took a pic 3 . did it scare you ?  4 . what does your wife think 
what is it holding ? 	like i 'm gonna look again to form an opinion on this . 
that scene was creepy as shit . i was singing that damn son for weeks though . 	yeah man . to this day i ca n't listen to that song without feeling weird and creeped out inside . 
thank god im not the only one . i feel like half of his abilities literally do nothing . 	i just do n't really know how they work . wish i did , ill wait for someone to post a video or something 
sounds like gluten intolerance . 	yup , this is exactly what drinking beer was like for me the last few times i had it before discovering i was gluten intolerant . 
sounds like a yeast allergy to me as well .  edit : try drinking gin , it 's yeast free ! 	all liquor is distilled and therefore yeast free . 
all liquor is distilled and therefore yeast free . 	i 'm going off the advice my friend got when she was diagnosed with a yeast allergy . and gin is tasty . 
the oregon comp is that there is many different uniform combinations . 	just curious , but is oregon the only team with that many uniform combo possibilities ? why did they specifically mention oregon ? 
alright so the easter snus is awesome ! you can definitely taste tobacco but the orange - chocolate flavor is the stronger one . it 's mild and very good . 	i ca n't wait to give it a try ! 
hello beta - 7 ! here ya go buddy 	thanks mate . this is my first gold on this site ever . 
i suggest you do n't get this psu , mine kept restarting my computer . 	if think you had a defective unit . i 've had mine for 1 . 5 years and never had an issue . i run amd too . 
is this worth getting ? i 'm trying to get a decent , budget psu for a gaming rig which may eventually utilize cross - fired r9 290s . 	i 'd get a 850 watt psu for 2 r9 290s . this is not a bad deal for this psu though there were better deals where you can grab a 80 gold 750w for that price . 
mentioning the ebony part was n't really necessary but your hunter is an interesting concept . 	maybe but i honestly have no idea how the sub feels about bronies so i wanted to put up a disclaimer about my gallery . 
people are not going to be smoking in their fucking houses like it 's no big deal . it 'll smell so bad . 	it is n't like tobacco smoke . it really is no big deal . 
it is n't like tobacco smoke . it really is no big deal . 	uh , it might not be as harmful but the smell is just as strong if not stronger . maybe if everyone you know smoked weed it would n't be that bad , but i prefer a lack of scent when breathing . 
chicago usually sells well though , as i said before , they are paying money to boo . 	i 'll be at extreme rules yall , gimme some chants to start ! 
the yanks will never do this . they ca n't pronounce wank or twat properly . 	when you brits learn how to pronounce freedom , then we 'll talk 
i am calling it now , bray wyatt 's gonna interfere in the match or the end setting up bray vs roman . 	ughhh . bray wyatt needs to win a feud . 
ughhh . bray wyatt needs to win a feud . 	he 's won all his feuds but 2 . 
reigns fan . from nashville . this idea is horrible . puck 's about to drop and yes , the hawks still suck . 	cool story bro , why do n't your fans fill a stadium when presented with an open market for tickets ? 
we 'll learn how to say freedom when you learn how to pronounce free healthcare 	we 've been trying too but one kid keeps pronouncing it communism 
knowing the chicago crowd , there is actually a slight chance that the people will cheer for show to kick reigns 'ass .  edit : spelling 	i actually think this is what will happen . 
i 've got the same problem . even if i do buy stocks they do not show up in my portfolio . 	buy 1 stock of the cheapest you can find . you 'll lose the money . now buy the stock you actually want and the transaction will go through . 
what are you thinking of actually doing ? writing software ? developing a new flight controller ? 	writing a cross - platform network protocol for existing drone software to utilize aka an api 
carbon is n't all that fragile 	compared to steel it certainly is . 
it 's all the oils in the lipstick 	but oil - based paints are fine on canvas d : 
day 17 : updated localization files ; fixed a few minor bugs 	day 18 : sentries removed . pda can now only place mini - sentries . 
day 17 : updated localization files ; fixed a few minor bugs 	day 18 : fixed a bug where demo could n't kill people by looking at them 
i do n't think the heavy nerf in love and war was that bad , it 's still very easy to pub stomp as heavy and it 's still completely trivial with a medic . 	i love the nerf , personally . i found a way to make it into a buff . i 'd actually be a worse heavy if it were to be reverted . i was just taking the piss . 
you probably installed something on your computer , or clicked a suspicious link . if you were actually hacked , every single league of legends account would also be compromised . 	tbh i just do n't know how it happened , if so all my accounts on any page or game should 've been hacked but this was the only one 
good . then you are my friend . 	oreo is my favorite too . can i be a friend ? 
how do they fit ? 	they fit a little bit big once on , but theyre tight to get on because of they liner . stick with our regular size imo . 
heat lamp and a pump ? it would warm the water and keep it circulating so cooler water was always being heated . 	that sounds like a good idea . easier than trying to find a tub that has heating for water . 
terrible news . 	yeah , their latest album is pretty damn good , sad to see them go . 
youtube is a terrible place to start . without someone correcting your form , you are going to think you are doing ti right when you are doing it wrong 	it 's not hard to learn basic punches and combos from videos . i 'm not advocating it will make him a pro boxer , but it 's a good way to get going until he 's got some money for lessons . 
i 'm well aware . it 's easily my least favorite thing about this site . 	yea it 's disgusting the shit people say when they 're anonymous 
because being tough on crime , has gotten us so far in this country .  i think 10 - 15 years sounds appropriate as a minimum for a sexual crime . 	then i 'm guessing you 've never wondered where the person who sexually assaulted you lives and lurks . 
no worries m8 ! could happen to anybody using an apple product . 	can you recommend any other phones ? other than safari crashing constantly , i really like my iphone , but i would prefer a phone that allows me freedom to install what i wish . 
eh hem , oc judge who gave a lenient sentence to a male child molester is asked to resign .  let 's not leave out the important bit . 	when we 're talking a man sleeping with a 16 year old girl and a woman sleeping with a 16 year old boy , you have a point .  that is not this case . 
not that i defend child molesters , but the mother of the victim did not want him to get 25 years , so i dont have a problem with the judge fulfilling the wishes of the victim 	who cares what she wants , she was n't the victim . there is a reason we do n't like the victims decide punishments . 
a disorder that should be removed from the gene pool . with a bullet . everyone wants you to die . 	so you advocate killing stevens hawking because he has a disability ? even with all of his accomplishments to society . 
cannabis oil infused marshmallow vodka with chunks of pineapple served in a high ball glass . 	would drink that maybe a dash absinthe ? 
you 'd be the first person ever to get the same popular meta champion 31 games in a row , let alone the same role . you 'd need at least 60 games of trying to get jinx every time 	a lot of people play more than 5 games a week . 
yea but you just said her weakness is her getting jumped . which seems to have nothing to do with her execute rocket damage . that does n't seem to emphasize that weakness at all 	except they nerfed the point blank damage , which means the skill deals less damage than an auto attack when at point blank . 
if they did n't exist personally , someone else would have been born in their place . 	one could probably say the same thing about the religion . 
actually yes , the response to bad behavior is very much more important than the bad behavior . 	yup . ignore the savage who has no respect for police or the law . let 's focus on what the evil policeman did to control the situation . 
go kick some people in the face and let me know how your ideals work out in reality . 	if you kicked me in the face i would call the cops and have you arrested . i would n't try to beat you back , and i 'm a part of reality so you should respect that . 
what the flying fuck ? 	lol , i distrust cops as much , or more , than the next person , but this is just batty . 
so if i murder someone and it 's just me and the person i kill , is no one supposed to judge me since they were n't there ? 	i was copying quotes from the people on the site defending the officer 's actions . i personally thought the officer was in the wrong and should have lost his job as an officer . 
in most states it 's called post certification , police officers standards and training . 	whatever it 's called , it 's the bad cops ace in the hole . 
firing a cop is a minor inconvenience for the cop and the department . if you want to really punish a cop take away his certification . 	or actually charge him with the felonies he is guilty of . 
ok so do n't , take the expensive exam multiple times . end up spending more . smart plan . 	yeah cause who needs good credit in the future ? 
i like the idea personally just because i am sick to fucking death of proprietary magazines for every gun . 	accuracy international pattern mags are the standard in long range firearms . 
like real wrestling or fake wrestling because that makes a difference with all the make believe story lines they have and the credibility of your answer . 	well , pro wrestling i . e . wwe . the wrestling industry is notorious for having just terrible people , at heart , yet their actual talent is just ridiculous . 
i can see why someone with your inferior level of intellect would share your opinion . 	at this point it 's quite pointless to talk to someone who 's too stupid to see the points you are trying to make . so good day 
the lineup with the 2 best players on the court . 	yes , nba teams . please keep thinking that 2 superstars surrounded by average players is the way to the title . : d 
stunning , but a bit useless without clear labeling of axis or of the significance of the spatial properties of a given dot . the coloring is obvious though . 	well the axes do n't matter in this case , only proximity of dots to other dots . 
if you read the article you would discover that most of the change was from republican 's moving to the right . 	1964 . rise of the religious right . orange county . suburban warrior . do n't want to type sentences or google author . 
wonder if there will ever be another player with the heading ability of cristiano ronaldo . the absolute best when it comes to these . pure athleticism and talent . 	implying peter crouch is n't the goat . 
really glad to see contribution from gareth bale after coming back from the injury . hopefully he 's got a hunger like james did after returning . 	he looked strong , including that passage which eventually ended with a kroos shot on goal . 
no the celebration was over . bale came in half heartedly and ancelotti was walking away 	fair enough , guess i 'm just reading too much into things . 
ronaldo 's header was a much harder one to score than messi running full pace onto his . but there 's no point even discussing this with you because you 're clearly a fucking idiot 	you 're the one who ca n't get sarcasm , i 'd hold off on calling anyone an idiot , even on the internet . 
i do n't fully understand how any technique could work with the laws of physics to allow someone to do that . 	you should watch volleyball if ronaldo 's jump confuses you . those guys seem to hang in the air for ages . 
scoring goals does n't make you less of cunt you know . 	being mad at yourself because you did n't score a goal does n't make you a cunt either , you know ? 
wonder if there will ever be another player with the heading ability of cristiano ronaldo . the absolute best when it comes to these . pure athleticism and talent . 	heading ability wise , i think it 's safe to say timmy cahill offensively , and sergio ramos defensively . but i do agree that cr is a physical specimen . 
both cbs caught ball - watching , they had all the time and space in the world to mark ronaldo but he got the edge 	he does this against every defender though , at what point will people realize that it 's cristiano 's ability to get open that leads to these goals , and not just the defenders incompetence ? 
the anti - christ scores again 	he has to file back his horns every morning before the game in order to make these headers . 
ronaldo and marcelo have been doing shit like this for years , it 's fucking awesome . 	it shows on the pitch too , their link up is great 
heading ability wise , i think it 's safe to say timmy cahill offensively , and sergio ramos defensively . but i do agree that cr is a physical specimen . 	honestly , its too hard to compare heading ability between centre backs , as there are just too many who are tall , can jump high , and are good with their head 
has to be the best at heading in the game right now . 	did n't you see messi 's header goal today ? ronaldo does n't even come close 
he bent it like that one guy . 	the mexican dude from 2002 wc ? 
he does this against every defender though , at what point will people realize that it 's cristiano 's ability to get open that leads to these goals , and not just the defenders incompetence ? 	not sure it came across in my comment but i meant that it 's a bit of both . those cbs would have gotten away with it if anyone else was on the end of that cross , but it 's ronaldo 
did n't you see messi 's header goal today ? ronaldo does n't even come close 	ronaldo 's header was a much harder one to score than messi running full pace onto his . but there 's no point even discussing this with you because you 're clearly a fucking idiot 
thanks for your reply so much . i 'm a tad ignorant but i will continue my research with what you 've given me ! 	no problem , hope the post was able to help you in even the slightest of ways . 
this is really experimental and i was surprised when it switched up at about 1 : 41 . totally digging the direction that you 're going in , man . keep writing ! : d 	thanks for your feedback , it means a lot ! 
tbh i do the same thing in heroics too and it seems to work fine . but then again i guess the 4 set proc helps . 	there gets to be a lot more to it to do well in mythic but that 's later on 
you sound pretty worked up over what is something pretty trivial at the end of the day . perhaps that 's enough internet for today . 	he is just stating a point . no need to be patronising . 
maroon is a colour . 	and you 're a poor , deprived person . 
that 's not really edm like the op , but damn that is nice . 	the context really does it justice too , but if you do n't watch the show you would n't really know the significance 
he sees how the hawks are playing . he knows that he is gonna put some work in . 	all good , we got 3 days off . we need rest and teague needs to be smacked . 
1 - 1 internal wins 	actually they 're both 1 - 0 in that category . 
i think john wall would n't have made a difference , wizards should totally bench him for the rest of the series 	they should put nene at point . 
i wonder if wizards fans view this game as an internal win , playing tough without john wall and all . 	we do n't need to make such lame excuses , but yeah , it was good to see them compete without wall . 
well , we were down 10 with 2 minutes left . but at least we did n't seem to completely give up . 	anti - rockets 
well , that was one of the worst game threads i 've ever been a part of . 	sweet summer child , you have seen nothing . 
if you complain about the fans when they are playing at home in the playoffs , you are salty and annoying . welcome to the playoffs 	it 's really a shame because i did n't complain at all . just rooting for my team , like i said in my comment . 
you 're fired 	he is n't , but the gun was . 
john wall smiling at the end , i know he ca n't wait for game 3 . 	he sees how the hawks are playing . he knows that he is gonna put some work in . 
it 's really a shame because i did n't complain at all . just rooting for my team , like i said in my comment . 	keep up the good work , i dont think i was accusing you of anything 
anti - rockets 	yup , gotta love how without their best player the wiz played their hearts out and always tried to stay in the game . 
yup , gotta love how without their best player the wiz played their hearts out and always tried to stay in the game . 	anyone know if wall is coming back for game 3 ? i would imagine the surge of energy he 'd bring especially on home court could definitely lead to a win . 
he keeps trying to make these flashy passes but ends up throwing it into the stands or the other team . 	yeah i know . its very very frustrating . he just needs to make the good pass not the highlight pass . 
idk but off hand injuries need to be bad as fuck for it to be worth sitting out a playoff game . no way he should have sat out unless that hand was broken , which it wasnt . soft . 	so you know exactly how he felt ? 
his hand looked like a grapefruit and was wrapped up . 	you really just need to be able to guide the ball with your off hand to be able to play . swelling doesnt really prevent that 
difference between rockets yesterday and wizards today :  heart 	final margin was the same , though . 
idk but off hand injuries need to be bad as fuck for it to be worth sitting out a playoff game . no way he should have sat out unless that hand was broken , which it wasnt . soft . 	he 's left handed . 
well , we were down 10 with 2 minutes left . but at least we did n't seem to completely give up . 	definetely didnt lose cause you were complacent . they just ran out of gas and firepower . 
but did the hawks win this one internally ? 	the wiz won internally . 
sessions is a solid back up pg . great effort by the wiz . 	except for nene . i do n't know wtf he was doing this game 
there was a stretch where we had 2 do everything but go in , meanwhile they were making 3 's that took 4 bounces on the rim . just had to laugh man . 	yeah , this game was infuriating until pretty much the end . we have to be due for a good game in washington . 
he sees how the hawks are playing . he knows that he is gonna put some work in . 	game 3 winner wins this series i think .  both teams will be well rested and healthy . the better team will win . 
he 's left handed . 	no hes not in basketball , hes good with his left hand and he may be left handed in other things but hes still right handed in basketball 
game 3 winner wins this series i think .  both teams will be well rested and healthy . the better team will win . 	probably . i 'm just glad we get home court advantage now . 
that 's my boy : d good luck man 	lol thanks ! hope you have a great day 
lol thanks ! hope you have a great day 	gonna play league solo queue and rage : d 
i will wait 'til others beta test this patch and if you guys find it appropriate , i will download it 	well i 've already lost my save permanently so i 'll brave it out again . 
back up your whole hard drive . who knows what will happen this time . hell , increase your life insurance plan too . 	i heard the new patch caused the marvel universe to explode and twilight sparkle lost all her save data on gameboy version of mk2 . 
sure add me on skype . we can discuss prices there . i will go first if its reasonable 	can u instead on me the highest price ur willing to do and i 'll consider the offer 
as someone in a state of burnout on my main been playing a lot of diana atm and love the montage . 	thanks ! she is a great and fun champ : 3 
i have everything done and registered but when i go into game the replay locked and zoom locked do n't go green , you know why ? 	hmm try starting the replay first then loading the program up if that does n't help tell ment 
great montage how did you film this with different angles ? 	ill link you to the program in a sec , it was made by skin spotlight youtube channel 
what do you call those chain things she wears around her waist a lot ? really enhances her attractiveness for me . 	it 's a belly necklace . 
no clue , but the post claims that to be the case .    i kinda doubt it , honestly . why would it be so low - quality if it was of her ? it 's 2015 . not 1995 . 	i would have never guessed that 's her . and i do look quite a lot at her pics . 
during my scuba training they would kick masks off and quietly turn your tank off . it 's pretty fucking scary to go for a big breath and feel the lines restricting on you . 	have you tried politely asking the instructor beforehand not to do that ? i 'm sure they would 've been happy to oblige . 
during my scuba training they would kick masks off and quietly turn your tank off . it 's pretty fucking scary to go for a big breath and feel the lines restricting on you . 	this was n't scuba training . they were doing kettle bell workouts underwater and both had a shallow water blackout . at least that 's the theory until the investigation comes out . 
try signing one when scuba diving . you release them for everything , including shitty equipment . scary stuff . 	work on a scuba boat , can confirm . we do n't let them board till they sign the holy release form . 
tories just used it to win a majority . they 're not going to change it . 	no party in charge wins on the fptp system . there is never an incentive to change . 
what the labour governments want is irrelevant - the conservatives are in power now . 	no it 's not irrelevant . the point is that it 's always the side which loses which calls for electoral reform . 
was n't av proper shit and difficult to understand ? 	pr probably would n't work either because folk up here in scotland would n't be up for losing seats in westminster either . 
the turkeys wo n't vote for christmas . 	thankfully we can choose more than one holiday . the american turkeys are stuck with thanksgiving or christmas . 
no offence , but why a chrome book ?  are you using launcher 1 . 2 . 1 ? 	maybe he 's trying to play it at his school ? 
yea that would be cool , also maybe being denied to join the stormcloaks ? because you are n't a nord . 	that should happen to every race except the nords . 
but can khajiit call each other milk drinkers ? 	milk drinker is n't a racist slur . its just like calling someone a baby because they drink milk instead of mead and wine . 
is there a correct npc to kill there ? is it astrid ? 	only if you want to destroy them . killing any combination of the prisoners results in the same thing , just slightly different text from astrid . 
well , dark skinned people can call each other n - words without being racist . so cats can call each other milk drinkers 	milk drinker is n't a racial insult . it 's like saying someone is a lightweight or a child because they drink milk instead of ale or mead or wine . 
honestly while skyrim is a lot more polished and the people in oblivion look like potatoes , there was a lot more variety in the quests that made it more fun for me 	seriously the potato people are really easy to get over . personally i think oblivion was a lot better than skyrim , in almost every way except graphics . 
how did it happen ? 	a combination of blackout drapes and the blinds . i did n't get a chance to look at it myself but there must be a slit that allows light to get through . 
i do n't think so and i just comment whenever i feel like it . it 's still easier than talking to actual people . 	it 's also good for doing things i 'd be too afraid to do in real life , dumbass . 
why does the son look happiest wearing his sister 's dress ? or is that just me ? 	are you not happiest in your sister 's clothing ? 
i always forget about the weight of my landing legs , too . 	not supposed to be pointing at that , but shit , i suppose it is .  was supposed to be aimed at the fuel tank . 
damn dude , nice nhs sucks lol 	that 's fine because i went to heritage haha . are you in hs or college ? 
no the agility is for speed . cause the warlock be slow , 	only works when ads , does n't apply to walking speed 
how about do n't immediately pump your point into a skill , wait till something arises then make the beneficial choice ? 	this is the real and only answer . true for every single hero except morphling because you might want to morph more agi in fountain . 
oh shit my bad ! sorry ! 	that build would work , as you could put the two fans on the front of the case , making a good airflow . 
it 's a wire rifle . same physics . classified as a fusion rifle because wire rifles charge before firing . 	considering how badly i 've been hit by a wire rifle , definitely would expect a higher impact , or at least a faster charge rate . either way , will be fun getting one and testing it out . 
final exams come a - rolling around on thursday . ca n't fucking wait . 	good luck . i finished up on friday and it feels great . 
awesome , man ! thank you . ill watch it tomorrow . 	you really should . it 's incredibly well done and captures the essence of the art form better than anything i 've seen or read . 
have you released a demo for this yet ? i really enjoyed the last one you released . great stuff man . looking forward to seeing this game evolve 	no demo yet , i am hoping to make a new map at some point and will probably make a demo build then . 
the golden generation was nothing to fuck with . i think most people thought we had a good chance in 2002 and 2004 especially . 	why did england not win a major tournament ? the team looked stacked at one point in time 
yes , but you had to use a treasure key to get it , right ? 	he did have keys , yes . 
can anyone else attest to being able to get any kind of pain relief off of 1 . 5g of kratom ? that sounds like a placebo effect to me . 	i think all of the experience brand kratom are extracts . 
but my iphone folds up nicely to fit in my pocket . 	the ipod shuffle is bite - sized . 
i do have a mic . it was only pistols on the ground , trust me , i got super frustrated and pissed when i saw that . 	yeah that happened to me the first time i played it . every round after the first was snipers , but the first round was pistols . 
they 're going to both win the million ? 	no , that 's them hugging because they are so happy that spencer won . 
this is n't big brother , we do n't call people floaters for not winning challenges nor do we give a shit about people who ca n't win them lol 	she won the f4 immunity challenge . 
i 'm more worried about sand than water at the beach . although i have a sport and no sapphire screen . 	i worry about the salt water and sand . 
in high school , i was always the weirdest of the normal kids . in college , i hung out with the weird kids and became their cool and stylish leader . 	it 's weird when you realize that you 're the king of the losers . and losers are awesome . 
i quit giving a shit . i 'm not well liked now . but i am liked . and that 's better then before 	very true . people are nice and want to make more friends . stop worrying about what others think because in reality , you 're not as weird as you think . 
i 'm very blunt . and being blunt does n't come with a huge friend circle . but it does come with a real friend circle 	and that 's even better i 'd rather 1 real friend than 100 fake ass friends 
i quit giving a shit . i 'm not well liked now . but i am liked . and that 's better then before 	this seems like a bullshit answer , but i can confirm . i just said fuck it , and now i 'm happier with who i am . 
i quit giving a shit . i 'm not well liked now . but i am liked . and that 's better then before 	absolutely true . i got to the point that i realized people are fucking impossible to please , and life is short . 
joined the military . 	the same with me . it forces you to gain confidence and be more sociable . plus being more in shape does n't hurt . 
i quit giving a shit . i 'm not well liked now . but i am liked . and that 's better then before 	yes , agreed . i stopped giving a fuck . 
a really short answer : act as if 	exactly . i just envisioned the sort of person i preferred to be , then acted how i envisioned them acting . easy peasy . 
a really short answer : act as if 	this is basically what i did . i stopped giving a fuck about what people though of me and i became calmer and easier going around people . it came naturally after that . 
i quit giving a shit . i 'm not well liked now . but i am liked . and that 's better then before 	same here . i am who i am . unless i need a shower i do n't care what others think . what 's important is that i like who i am . the opinions of others do n't pay my bills . 
a really short answer : act as if 	fake it until you make it is the cornerstone of all personal improvement . 
went to medical school where i had to talk to strangers all the time . it was like therapy . living at college helped too . 	even just a service industry job can make all the difference . i 've been working at a grocery store for a few years now and it 's definitely forced me to be more social . 
got a job in food service . 	hahaha ! me , too . deciding to cook for a living , while not particularly lucrative , very much changed me for the better . 
college , it either makes you or breaks you . 	or you just kind of keep showing up for class until they give you a bachelor 's degree . 
blessed are the cheese makers . 	obviously that 's not meant to be taken literally . it refers to any manufacturers of dairy products . 
they barely even covered the big name players on the falcons , like julio jones and matty ice . was refreshing . 	i think that 's how it always is . we do n't need hard knocks to watch matt ryan and julio jones . 
we 'll see about that in december , bitch . 	oh , we 'll definitely see in december but not in january or february , my bitch ! 
boy i hope they focus a lot on thad castle i mean brian cushing . 	so psyched for the movie ? it 's supposedly coming out in september . 
i just looked at it . you also have a ton of liquor , anime , futurama and venture bros . characters . why ? 	because we like options . personally i keep one of the local beer brands as my flair because it 's sterile and i like the taste . 
hype as fuck .  hope they remember we got 80 players not just 1 . 	they always focus on smaller players , it 'll be fine . 
fair enough . in that case wooo ! i get to see how wrong i am about everything i keep thinking with the rookies ! 	mike zimmer was asked about how invasive the camera crews were in cinci and he said they were n't bad at all 
it 's not like the browns were a bunch of chumps last season . they have a pretty good defense and a decent set of receivers . 	i think it has a lot more to do with team dynamics than actual receivers . everybody wanted the boy wonder to play . that 's gotta mess with your head after awhile . 
mallet is too inaccurate for me . i think with a better supporting cast than the browns hoyer could end up surprising everyone . 	it 's not like the browns were a bunch of chumps last season . they have a pretty good defense and a decent set of receivers . 
happy for texans fans but i 'm kinda bummed . 	why bummed ? atlanta had it last year . 
exactly . they focus on the fun personalities whether they are stars or not . they do n't shy away of stars just because they are big , but because ryan is fucking boring . 	fair enough . the point i was trying to make is players do n't get more camera time because they are stars . 
eh they got their super bowl . back to the basement with them 	did i ever say how great i think the texans are ? 
lol salty bish . 	definitely not salty , the rams d line is better than the texans with or with out jj . i just ca n't stand how fake he is . 
love it . he could go by ford too , which is another fantastic name . 	this is a wonderful suggestion ! 
psa to all you who buy keys : you are the problem with this game 	because what i spend on the game makes up for 50 new members a month , yeah i 'm the problem . 
oh okay thanks a lot ! i did n't know holding jump makes the jump higher . 	is this your first video game ? 
that 's ok , i actually found a pumpkin head in a friends town . thanks anyway ! 	ah , i see . nice ! glad it worked out ! 
drinking in front of kids any better than stepping out for a smoke . sorry , but you lost some respect . 	i thought that was odd as well . you would think he would give up alcohol and tobacco if he really wanted to set a good example . i 've never heard of medicinal margaritas . 
keep it up . someday i 'll be sharing my own animation too , assuming i do n't put off learning maya or unreal 4 . 	all i can suggest is digital tutors , could have saved me 20k in student loans , 
that 's cool dude , mine will be up in a month or so , real life got in the way : p 	keep it up . someday i 'll be sharing my own animation too , assuming i do n't put off learning maya or unreal 4 . 
that 's pretty much what happened to ward from garrett , is n't it ? so i guess the comparison is valid . 	yeah , i think you can definitely draw parallels . although i would still point out that there 's a big difference between 6 and 16 . and we do n't know why hawkeye gave her a chance . 
i like how in comics that are supposedly body positive and haes still make the women who are allegedly a size 22 or more have a small waist and thighs with toned arms .   	well , 1 small thigh . i do n't know if anyone else noticed , but her right leg was way bigger than the left . is that part of the whole body positive thing ? 
being unattractive does n't make me unattractive ! 	you 're so attractive for an unattractive person ! 
i like how in comics that are supposedly body positive and haes still make the women who are allegedly a size 22 or more have a small waist and thighs with toned arms .   	i 'm pretty sure the cartoon 's body type is just as unrealistic as the dolls they love to complain about ! 
de implied they made enemies more inaccurate the faster you move around but i have n't really noticed much of a difference . 	it 's slightly better but at the same time it 's still pretty bad . and it seems like once it starts the pain train do n't stop . 
this is n't entirely true , they kind of fixed it . 	not really . trying to solo many missions past saturn is almost fucking impossible . grineer over level 20 will burst down almost any frame in seconds . 
you could be a shotcaller possibly . when you play your try out game , i will ask the team how well you did at the calling of the shots . sound good ? 	sure thing ! 
yeah the first was given to me and i 'm buying the second from a friend for 40 dollars . 	good deal , that . 
yep . same card , different coolers . put the xfx one in the top slot , as that one will do slightly more work . 	that was my plan . 
did he just call half life a casual game ? 	but after you beat half - life it does become casual . 
holy shit how many superhero movies are they making ? a new one is announced every week . hollywood really knows how to beat a dead horse . 	not a movie , this is a netflix series . 
that movie does not get enough credit for how great it is . 	the sequel destroyed all the good - will the original movie had made . 
technically , flash 's real protection is the speed force . the suit , while special and durable , is n't really necessary . 	he also generates a friction shield when he runs . 
yeah charlie cox talked about how they translated matt 's blindness into cinematography , using queues other than the visual to move the camera around and shit . its gonna be dope . 	oh awesome ! i missed that interview but that sounds cool . 
i 'd forgotten a lot of parts of that movie , but i 'll never forget how poorly executed absolutely all of the fight choreography is . 	this was a few years after the matrix came out , so a lot of action movies substituted shitty kung - fu for actual fight choreography . victim of the times . 
what i do n't understand is him drinking water out of a puddle at the end .  so gross . 	judging by the blood dripping from his mouth , i assume he got knocked down into the puddle and was picking himself back up . 
i do n't think anyone will be saying ant - man will be gritty . 	well if they end up doing hank pym right it might get real gritty , real fast . 
and blindness , and super senses , and with out the training . 	dd is definitely trained . in the comics he goes toe to toe with cap . 
will it be rated r ? would love to see a darker superhero series 	it 's a tv series on netflix , so no . but marvel has stated that this will be darker than any of the recent marvel movies . 
they 're saying it 's going to be like the test footage we saw . but that could all go out the window , i liked what i saw though . but yeah , we 'll see . 	see the test footage is pure writers vision . i worry about when all of the fox execs want to put their fingerprints on it . 
the best punisher movie was man on fire , starring denzel washington 	john wick is the best punisher movie ever . 
superman was n't too gritty , it was just bad . 	man of steel is the best dragon ball z movie ever made . 
what i do n't understand is him drinking water out of a puddle at the end .  so gross . 	he 's blind , he does n't know any better 
arrow is n't anywhere near the cw treatment that the flash is getting . 	felicity literally exists as the cw treatment . she 's in a different designer outfit in practically every scene . 
i recently read civil war and he had a good part in that . i wonder if they 'll include him in the movie 	that was n't actually him ! it was iron fist in his suit . dd was in jail the whole time . 
well that 's kinda how it is the comics , ff , the avengers , spider - man all have their own thing going on . 	never really thought of that . why in the hell would anyone fuck with new york in the marvel universe ? it should be the best protected place on earth . i do n't even know why they have cops . 
tried that one . could n't get into it after 4 episodes . 	ah that makes sense , i did n't really like the first 1 or 2 episodes but after that it really grabbed me 
so , essentially what happened with the flash trailer ? 	well , you ca n't exactly travel at the speed of sound without special protection of some sort .  the early flash suit was just scientifically responsible . 
well if they end up doing hank pym right it might get real gritty , real fast . 	ant - man is going to scott lang . i do n't think we 'll get to see hank pym 's crazy side . 
it 's bad . wow , there i said it ! 	your heart must be racing . ever steal a candy bar ? spray paint a bridge ? 
dark and gritty ? we dc now . 	lol marvel had always been darker than dc with the exception of batman .  dc tends to be how we wish we would be with super heroes and marvel is how we would actually be . 
i 've never seen daredevil , and now i do n't regret it . that was catwoman levels of bad . 	sorry , but catwoman levels of bad is a level beyond this actually . 
looks pretty decent , did n't show too much action which is both good and worrisome , but im excited nonetheless . 	apparently they showed a full fight scene at comic - con and people have been raving about it since then . sadly no one has leaked it so i cannot confirm firsthand . 
just let the kids watch with you . they 'll probably love it ! it even starts out with him playing with a cute puppy . 	that first scene is so kawaii . 
to be fair flash is suppose to be light hearted . a gritty dark flash would n't work . does n't fit the character . 	cmon , the flash in a gritty world is hilarious , like his humor is lost on everything .  like in jl when he jokes all the time and batman just stares at him . 
iirc , that was actually iron fist posing as daredevil when matt murdock was having trouble keeping his secret identity . 	wow i forgot about that . that would work too in the movie . 
holy shit how many superhero movies are they making ? a new one is announced every week . hollywood really knows how to beat a dead horse . 	speak for yourself , super heroes are awesome 
technically , flash 's real protection is the speed force . the suit , while special and durable , is n't really necessary . 	tv show flash does n't know anything about the speed force yet , so the suit is necessary for the time being . he 's still setting clothing on fire when he forgets about that little issue . 
i suppose that makes sense . makes me think of quicksilver in the x - men movie , and how they had to remove him from the movie because he was op . 	the the arm kingdom come , flash is so fast he stops crime before it happens . 
i ca n't believe how badly they messed up the flash . flash was one of my favorite comics growing up and i gave up on the show after 3 episodes . 	eh . i think its okay , and this is coming from someone who hate - watches arrow . its better than the early 90s flash tv show . 
yeah charlie cox talked about how they translated matt 's blindness into cinematography , using queues other than the visual to move the camera around and shit . its gonna be dope . 	that 's interesting . i 'm open to a new interpretation . one of the problems with the movie is that the radar sense scenes cost a lot to make . 
well , you ca n't exactly travel at the speed of sound without special protection of some sort .  the early flash suit was just scientifically responsible . 	technically , flash 's real protection is the speed force . the suit , while special and durable , is n't really necessary . 
does it come with soda ? 	sand flavored . gritty . refreshing . tastes like dirt . 
supernatural is on like 23 seasons now is n't it ?  edit : guess you did say good viewership . 	cw 's solution is to just make sure it 's cheap enough to be profitable , without any care for actual quality .  edit : also i 'm pretty sure it 's season 57 . 
arrow is n't anywhere near the cw treatment that the flash is getting . 	to be fair flash is suppose to be light hearted . a gritty dark flash would n't work . does n't fit the character . 
which ones ? has there been a single mcu movie people described as gritty ? 	i 'd describe man of steel as over - gritty by contrast . 
which ones ? has there been a single mcu movie people described as gritty ? 	i felt like the first iron man of the recent iron man movies was very gritty . especially the parts where he 's a prisoner in the middle east . 
i 've never understood why daredevil 's costumes always cover his ears . 	his ears are so good he doesnt need them exposed ? maybe it helps him filter out noise ? 
yeah , screw spending time with the kids . daddy 's gotta watch kevin spacey ! 	just let the kids watch with you . they 'll probably love it ! it even starts out with him playing with a cute puppy . 
i 've never understood why daredevil 's costumes always cover his ears . 	i 'm imagining daredevil wearing a mask that completely covers his head , with only holes for his nose and ears . that would be pretty incredible : p 
it should still be thomas jane . the short with him was simply awesome . 	i 'd take jane back in a second . one reason that they might not consider him though is it would lend legitimacy to his punisher film which is best left off the table . 
gay scientologist is a pretty compelling villain . 	fair enough , but i did n't quite get that from mr . saint 
iron man almost died in the avengers . that was pretty freaking dark ! 	fake - out death during an action scene does n't make a film dark .  pretty much every action film ever has a fake - out death . 
ant - man , so gritty . really refreshing . 	does it come with soda ? 
i thought the incredibles was a better version of the watchmen then the watchmen was , if that makes any sense . 	it does actually . thematically , i see where you 're coming from and i just barely agree . 
i want somebody to do an all - games iron man . it would take forever , but it 'd be amazing . 	i think this just became a life goal for me . just gotta find the right person to do it with . 
see his comment in this thread . he 's doing it because it would be more exciting than fox dittos in 3 . 5 	i 'm a lot more excited by fox ditto than mewtwo vs pit 
once you 've won 3 out of 5 there 's not much point in continuing , the match is decided . 	yes , and it would be kind of lame to not see them play two of the games . 
i do n't think my computer can even use mspaint . i do n't run windows 	linux is awesome right ? 
i want somebody to do an all - games iron man . it would take forever , but it 'd be amazing . 	imagine if after all that , it was a tie 
well you may want to check my 2nd line , because i did say something about melee . regardless , you are definitely right , it 's not even a competition . 	you 're totally right , i apologize . i guess i just took it as so much of a given i did n't even bother reading about it 
yeah man sucks that 3 . 5 literally removed mewtwo and pitt from the game 	i do n't know anything about pit , but mewtwo is still legit . 
do n't forget about shrek super slam . puss in boots dittos are hype 	why shrek super slam does n't have a legitimate scene bothers me . that game was hype as fuck . 
yeah i personally do n't think m2k can win this . his best bet would be sniping a win in either brawl or pm which i 'm not sure is realistic or not . 	m2k was one of the best in brawl i think he can with that one , they are almost even in sm4sh too , melee is totally in favor of m2k 
zero said it 's because he does n't want to play fox dittos in 3 . 5 and they 've put so much effort into 3 . 02 . 	ban melee top 8 . done 
they 're playing 3 . 02 because then it 's mewtwo vs pit rather than fox dittos 	yeah man sucks that 3 . 5 literally removed mewtwo and pitt from the game 
why not just say no fox then ? or maybe even do all star versus to mix things up . 	i 'm pretty sure m2k would have a definite advantage with allstar mode since he can pick up so many character and i 've only seen zero use pitt 
all star versus would be perfect . zero pls 	that would be the best . bo5 , 1 match per smash game . each match consists of a full roster crew battle . 
why not just say no fox then ? or maybe even do all star versus to mix things up . 	neither character is as fun in 3 . 5 as in 3 . 02 
yeah , otherwise it 'd be like having 2 melee money matches . it brings more variety to the mm and we always had close sets 	why would n't you choose mewtwo and pit anyway ? is there no reason to play those characters in 3 . 5 ? 
i understand that , i 'm not telling you to change it , just thinking out loud . 	yeah , do n't do that . some things are better off left in your head . 
they could just play all the games and whoever wins more wins . it would be kind of lame if it were an all game mm and we only got to see 3 games . 	but it 'd kinda lose hype if we know m2k won before we see pm and smash 4 . i think the cp games makes the most sense , but they should still play out every single game . 
we 'll have to see whether or not zero can consistently beat m2k in a majority of the games in the future .  i refuse to believe in one time occurrences to determine a goat 	so much this . with all this talk of leffen and how he 's beaten every god once , it seems like everyone on this sub has forgotten this very important idea . 
yeah why would anybody put zero down for brawl ? m2k and ally were the people to beat for like 3 years straight . 	that was a looooong ass time ago . like before zero was even a thing 
they could just play all the games and whoever wins more wins . it would be kind of lame if it were an all game mm and we only got to see 3 games . 	once you 've won 3 out of 5 there 's not much point in continuing , the match is decided . 
use another character then . fox is probably lower on the tiers than 3 . 5 . seeing as how you use the top tier character in every smash game you compete in , why not just adjust to that ? 	fox is the best character by far in project m 3 . 5 
he does n't play marth in pm because he thinks it will wreck his melee game 	well ca n't be worse than playing sm4sh for it 
so m2k takes melee and maybe 64 , while zero takes smash 4 and project m and brawl ? or can m2k pull a win in smash 4 or pm ? 	yeah i personally do n't think m2k can win this . his best bet would be sniping a win in either brawl or pm which i 'm not sure is realistic or not . 
this will be pretty awesome to watch , but what would make it even better , would be if they didnt use like the top 5 characters from each game . 	then that means they wouldnt be using or playing against characters they 're familiar with and it wouldnt be as much of a test of whos better 
sure , why not add another day in a year where employers and employees are not free to agree on the way to increase their standard of living . 	well i do n't think they attempt to either , for the rest of the days of the year . 
why is the font so big ? 	he 's not on current gen 
how do you fuck a movie ? 	you put your dick in one of the holes and only one of them , in the cassette tape . anal hole is for next time . 
thanks for the tips !  i do actually have a top , it is just a wooden shell with chicken wire top . 	how fine is the mesh , because you want to make sure the holes are defiantly smaller then the snakes head otherwise it can squeeze through 
well i mean come on . as long as you have magic does anything else matter ? 	i mean , i 'm pretty straight but i 'd totally switch teams for even minor magic powers . 
someone blasted my friend next to our truck with the pump shot gun and it killed my friend and blew up the truck . it didnt just kill the engine the whole thing just blew up 	yea ! that 's exactly what happened to us . my friends description of what happened pretty much goes he saw a flash , then fire on the hood just before he died . 
curious , did n't remember anything about some change in the vehicle config file about that . 	well the bottom line is they blew up with us in them so yea . 
i just had a bogan bus experience to start off my day . bah . on the bright side , meeting one of my girls for brunch ! 	booo for bogans , yay for lunch with friends ! 
i ca n't eat it without the eggs ! 	well once you 've cooked all the bacon , just think of all that delicious fat to use for those yummy eggs ! 
i 've been sleeping on the sofa almost every night for the past week , due to getting called out for work . my body feels sore , so sore . maybe it 's time i invested in a slightly better sofa . 	would sleeping on the floor with a yoga mat and sleeping bag be better ? 
i just had a bogan bus experience to start off my day . bah . on the bright side , meeting one of my girls for brunch ! 	what aspects about a bus make it bogan ? business people up front , party people at the back ? 
just think of the delicious cheeseburgers that await you tomorrow !   	had a californian at batch burger yesterday . amazing . 
i see it in lots of supermarkets . reasonably sure i have seen it at the coles on king street . 	i 'll try the king st coles if i have the chance , thanks . 
forget this world . the moon is where it 's at . 	the big ball of cheese in the sky ! 
just an update for you .  seems to be working again , for me at least . can access clan in game and via the app now .  still not able to access the in game store though . 	cool ! i 'll check when i get home . thanks for the update 
just an update for you .  seems to be working again , for me at least . can access clan in game and via the app now .  still not able to access the in game store though . 	just checked , and it still does n't work . i even asked tried signing in on a different ps3 . hope they fix it soon . 
psg vs . chelsea should be the best match out of all of them excited for juventus vs . dortmund too 	i think city vs barca will be more exciting for neutrals , as mourinho love to get a draw in the first leg . 
yaya is suspended for the first leg match . so that will be a big loss for city . 	also i think he can influence a game better at home in europe its a tall task hopefully aguero starts scoring again and that will take massive pressure off the midfield . 
city vs barca . city might park the bus and nick a goal . we also tend to concede a lot .  there only player i fear in their team is silva as he tends to hold the ball rather well . 	haha park the bus ! i wish we knew how to drive it off the parking lot . 
good luck . i think that you 'll need it , but you 'll have yaya back for the match , at least , so that 's something .  anyway , happy cake day ! 	yaya is suspended for the first leg match . so that will be a big loss for city . 
juventus vs dortmund . juventus is happy with possession and dortmund is happy to sit back , press if needed , and counter . should be fun . 	especially since we are playing the first game at home . would be interesting to see how well juve is prepared for the away leg . 
juve may be happy with possession , but the key to winning will be sitting back . dortmund ca n't do shit if they ca n't counter . 	dortmund is traditionally strong against teams that want to dominate the game with a lot of possession .  it 's going to be such a great game . 
pretty sure neutrals will be rooting for psg all the way anyway . i hope you have n't forgotten that everyone hates chelsea and loves ibra . 	yeah i have n't forgotten last year . everyone wrote us off after the 3 - 1 defeat in the first leg . made our victory in the second leg even more sweet haha . 
it was 8 cents for 12 pens . i was already at goodwill and short on pens . they write decently , maybe two were dried up . 	8 cents each ? that would be a dollar , 8 cents total seems like a random number to me 
i would recommend burning it just in case it is a bug , bomb , or biological agent . 	yeah , burn it in case it 's a bomb , that totally solves the problem . 
if it is c4 yes actually . damn thing is so stable you can burn it and it wo n't explode . it needs electricity to detonate . 	i thought c4 needed some form of physical shock to detonate ? 
buying a box of used pens is not something i have ever considered . 	til : used pens are a thing . 
these pens are not special . go to any career fair in the greater washington dc area or on any college campus and you can get a handful . 	no kidding . there 's cia branded junk all over dc . 
i do n't give to charity . does that make me an oyster ? 	nah , just makes you shellfish . 
it 's not technically free , it 's coming out of the operating costs for the rail operators . as far as i know that money comes directly from passengers and not from thin air . 	it 'll also likely be shit . 
david cameron is a spoon faced bellend but free wifi would be nice . 	it 's not technically free , it 's coming out of the operating costs for the rail operators . as far as i know that money comes directly from passengers and not from thin air . 
what kind of fucking moron would let his hygiene get that god damn bad ? 	perhaps a homeless person who really has no other choice ? 
kind fly larvae , cleaning hard to reach places . 	i was thinking the same thing . that would looks really really clean , and there is only one thing that can clean a wound like that . they look like they were put there . 
you know maggots only eat the dead flesh . so technically , they didnt damage him , but rather help , they pretty much get rid of all the trash . 	while maggots prefer dead flesh , they will definitely eat live flesh if dead flesh is n't available . 
why do i do wtf to myself so early in the morning ? 	why do i do it so late at night ? ick . 
number 7 was weak sauce . i was afraid all the gross ones had already been shown then bam ! number 10 happened . what part of the body was number 3 ? 	i like to think it 's the heel . 
you know maggots only eat the dead flesh . so technically , they didnt damage him , but rather help , they pretty much get rid of all the trash . 	do n't ruin the story with your science ! 
if he went fishing he would n't even need to stop for bait . 	or a fishing pole , just sit on the dock and dip your toe in . 
why do i do wtf to myself so early in the morning ? 	hell of a way to start the day . at least the rest of your day ca n't get any worse . 
he 's going to apply for 3 months paid paternity leave . you know , because equality is a two way street . 	yeah , i do n't see anything in the fine print that demands the babies produced and raised are human ! 
that was n't so bad . well , the one with the tongue was kind of gross i guess . 	yep . maggots doing a good job of cleaning the wound . 
how do you choose the proper color for contouring ? no matter what i try , it 's either invisible , or i look like i smeared mud on my face 	i usually go with a color 2 shades darker than my natural skin tone . 
how do you choose the proper color for contouring ? no matter what i try , it 's either invisible , or i look like i smeared mud on my face 	you have to find a cool enough toned brown so that it looks like it is an actual shadow on your face . 
so , do you comb them when the mascara is wet or dried ? that 's where i 'm confused haha 	comb it immediately after you 've applied mascara before it 's dried . combing try mascara leads to a flaky mess often ! 
oil with oil and water with water . think of when you see oil and water mixed and you can visually see the oil separating from the water . 	i understood this part , but i remember reading that you can put one on top of the other but not vice versa 
you have to find a cool enough toned brown so that it looks like it is an actual shadow on your face . 	me too , brown looks too obvious on my skin . cool grey from the lorac pro 2 is my favorite for contouring and makes so much of a difference , no more mud streak ! 
i never wait for each coat to fully dry . i 'll just do my right eye , then my left , they maybe wait a few more seconds and repeat . 	does it make a difference ? like a good difference ? cause every time i try i just end up with spiders legs for eyelashes lol 
get out if the business .  find some land .  make a farm .  fuck a sheep if you get lonely .  befriend any survivor that stumbles upon your farm .  gain their trust .  eat them . 	is that your plan mr cannibal ? 
i 'm too tired for this shit . 	yeah i am . 
thanks for the info ! what exactly makes a student card a student card ? 	it 's easier for you to get if you 're a student and have no credit . 
i like it , though i would question the reference to cells if it 's meant to be in universe . could be longer , but then again so could most of the books in the games . 	there are references to atoms in redguard lore , so cells does n't seem that big a deal . 
stupid fucking question . but how would you describe indie music ? i know it when i hear but ca n't describe it , if that makes sense lol 	nah man , that 's a legitimate question . think of acoustic guitars ; light , airy voices ; if it 's techno indie , some unusual but interesting beats and sounds ; etc . 
for me it was sword art online 2 because it is one of my favorite series , yes i know my taste is shit yada yada .  edit . yay downvotes 	to be fair mother 's rosario was pretty damn good . 
my general rule is not to stay in anything with less than 2 reviews . if you do n't know london feel free to pm me with a shortlist and i 'll let you know if the location is any good . 	sure , ill hold u up to it 
it still counts as an all star appearance even if you do n't play though . 	obviously , i 'm just saying that actually playing in the game is probably still a really special experience for someone as young as durant . 
that sucks getting placed in a bracket with your other account ! which tournament was it ? and which account did you give it to ? haha . 	i do not remember . it was awhile back . i think i gave it to my ipad as opposed to the android . 
not many non - juve supporters realize what a great player marchisio is . hell , not even some juve fans know it . he does so much work while not showing off . our future captain 	whenever i watch juve or italy play he always impresses me , what role does he actually play ? is it similar to vidal or pogba because he seems to be all over the place ? 
he 's been ok ; runs hard but ca n't finish . 	pretty hard to run when you are out for the rest of the season . 
absolutely love these shoes , but kanye can not pull the off . they looked horrible on him . 	lol , kinda disappointing others can pull off kanye 's own shoe better than him . 
why do n't you tag your images ? i 'm just curious . i , do n't because it kind of ruins them , but i 'm just curious if that 's your reasoning too .  great ig profile btw . 	thanks dude . i just think it throws off the image and moves the focus of the image away from what i intend . i always think that the people that need to know who took the photo , know . 
story of my life , but in the evenings . 	this is evening ! he never wakes up early to beg lol 
it 's a super small rig , and that noodle looking thing is a type of nail . 	how the hell does it work ? 
you 're looking at it . noodle dabs ! you heat that glass macaroni noodle up and drop the bho inside . 	i feel like it would just drip everywhere without a dome . 
i forgot this sub was still active . i want to become a mailman . 	write some haikus to  people you do n't know , and then  deliver them all . 
i wrote a haiku once . to a girl i saw twice .  i was arrested . 	shitty haikus are  best to write and deliver  anonymously . 
write some haikus to  people you do n't know , and then  deliver them all . 	i wrote a haiku once . to a girl i saw twice .  i was arrested . 
i was totally afraid this would happen the first time i went out with my coworkers . then my boss started talking about anal sex . 	it 's usually strippers , anal , and pink eye at my work functions . i work in an office of mostly women too . 
dope man ! they must know how bad style is down here 	i 'm sure they 're part of the problem , man haha ! 
oh dope man .  what major are you ?  if you ever see a black dude wearing big ass sweaters , ripped jeans with a beanie on at the library , that 's me lmao . 	i 'm a it major . i 'm the white dude who walks around with jordans and a lot of bulls gear . i hoop at the rec a lot 
does that work the same with hunting ? 	yes except you roll fertility - 1 to see what they bring back 
you need to resolve the combat before posting 5 : 2 	i got you , i 'm preparing now the post on there . however how much stone does my villagers collect ?  also 3 of the 5 excess food spoils so i 'll spend food here in a second as well . 
awesome , way to go man ! i 've used strut for many of the unintended purposes . looks great ! 	thanks ! i do n't think i 'll normally set them up top as pictured or strap them like i did . that was just for a couple days test around town . 
is duo lane aphro a thing again or were ya just doing it for fun ?  good video as usual 	i watched it live , it was to get a sub : d 
for fucks sake , just use fucking imgur , i do n't want to get directed to some shitty fucking porn add when i click on some link from reddit 	add block , you fuck 
you ca n't actually shoot anything either 	actually , you can . the bullets just come out of your gun as if you were still on the ground . so do n't aim down , aim forward and you just might hit them . 
i 'd like to hear some responses for this too .  fyi , i 'm 3 . 6k too for playing 1 year and 4 months , was calibrated at 2 . 7k . 0 moba experience before . 	i would say if your mmr is around 2 . 7k after over a year i would say that is probably below average . it depends on number of games you have played though 
ya . i used it on my old hackintosh . essentially , after typing on this everything else feels broken 	i work on a windows machine and have an imac at home .  i find the apple keyboard far more comfortable . 
you have used an apple keyboard for several hours a day for about 3 years ? 	ya . i used it on my old hackintosh . essentially , after typing on this everything else feels broken 
could i just disable the onboard graphics card ? 	you would be wasting money for the apu if you 're not using the onboard .  someone told me not to get an apu for my first build . i blew it off and i regret it . that 's just me . 
this is what happens when you legalize marijuana : people forget where they put their homes . 	dude , where 's my house ? 
shot distances depend on the ammo not the gun type . 	pretty certain hbg 's get greater distance of still being effective even for the same shot type in comparison to lbg . 
if i could choose , i 'd want to live in a place near the pacific coast , like vancouver 	vancouver is extremely expensive too . 
there are a lot of cheaper cities in canada but vancouver is one of the most expensive cities on earth , up there with hong kong nyc and london . 	surrey seems nice , and is in bc . is it a good city ? not expensive as vancouver , low crime rates ? 
does your mom know english ? 	yes , speaks it better than me , the school she worked at is an international , so they all spoke english . and we do n't have that big of an accent , it 's close to american english 
bananas . 	defiantly bananas . they are an excellent source of potassium 
ha , sorry about that ! posting from my phone and forgot about rotating it ! 	it 's cool , it looked like you already had a handle on it so i thought i 'd give you a hard time : p 
what chem style do you have on him ? i slapped a finisher on mine , because that 's what i used on the 85 . m costa has 1 in 6 atm . fucking dreadful . 	on basic , but planning to get him on hunter , scores in every game for me 
that game has been sitting in my steam library forever . what the hell is it ? 	it 's sort of like frisbee and laser tag had a retarded baby that nobody wanted to play with 
headset , console , controller , game . if they pull it off they will leap to probably dominating the first generation of consumer vr systems . 	only because consumer vr is pretty much dead in the water already . 
that would be cool but why would you want to play hl3 with a controller . 	personal preference ? although that would be hard . 
h3 makes a great meme , but let 's be honest , not much more at this late point . it will eventually show up , but meh . 	yeah probably show up and be as amazing duke nukem forever was n't after all this lost time 
ffs reddit . facebook have nothing to do with oculus . they just bought a company , that 's what enterprises do . 	you do n't think you can influence the decisions of a company you buy ? 
hold on a second . you can get up and walk around with a headset blocking your vision ? you 'll hit stuff . 	i think that they 're expecting you to walk in an area without obstacles . 
so hows your sex life ? 	denny , two is great , but three is a crowd . 
i am excited to know valve is now physically selling hats .   	they should make this a hat on tf2 . 
and microsoft improves on that slightly but too late for anyone to adapt . 	i think microsoft 's interpretation is amazing . reminds me of star wars holograms . 
yes , it feels like ticking them of on a checklist . who else is there that would probably make a vr headset but have n't yet announced it ? apple ? 	google bought the company that made a vr headset using a smartphone and a piece of cardboard and i think they have some plans for that . 
they should make this a hat on tf2 . 	i do n't know man , pyro 's vision is pretty close to vr headset . 
it 's a nice thought , but gaben has said that they currently have no games that they are holding back for vr . 	to be fair , while it may be true , i doubt they would anticipate such a hyped game like this , he may have lied . 
this is great news , a vr headset not tainted by facebook is exactly what the market needs . 	ffs reddit . facebook have nothing to do with oculus . they just bought a company , that 's what enterprises do . 
eh , its still by far their most successful ip . i 'd be very surprised if hl3 was not a big part of their future plans . 	steam is their most successful ip by a long shot . that motherfucker is a money printing machine 
apple 's habit is to let other manufacturers make the early mistakes then swoop in later with a definitive solution . 	and microsoft improves on that slightly but too late for anyone to adapt . 
plasma had bad burn - in 's and they was heavy 	the burn in now is basically not a thing . you really have to try , so i hear . 
why bloat up the price of the whole thing for a minor convenience feature ? 	for some people , it might not be minor . also , even decent built - in cameras are dirt cheap to mass - produce these days . and the camera doesnt 't even need to be decent . 
why do n't games just keep traditional fps aiming and add the headset as a way to look over your virtual shoulder ? 	because that means your entire view would move when you move your mouse , which can cause vr sickness . plus you 'd have the gun tethered to your face which looks weird . 
i play both dota and csgo .  csgo is getting more popular day by day while dota 2 just had a million concurrent players since its release .  looks pretty good to me 	skipping 2 events and servers being shit in dota 2 , yeah its a successful game but i would n't say things are going smoothly 
another step closer to nerve gear and sao . i ca n't wait ! 	did n't that end badly though ? 
same here . my macbook pro is the shit . iphone ? meh . nexus 5 will do . 	what 's what i thought . i have a macbook pro and an htc one . then i won a free ipad air .  now i want an iphone just to have everything matching and integrated perfectly . 
i believe you meant the orange cube . 	the first one was never a square . 
hold on a second . you can get up and walk around with a headset blocking your vision ? you 'll hit stuff . 	not if there 's a camera on the front which lets you see what 's around you . or builds 3d models over the obstacles in the room so you can see them in the virtual space . 
am i the only one who has zero interest in vr ? it sounds like more of a pain in the ass than anything from an entertainment standpoint . 	like i do n't really care for this type of vr , i just await for the day for full on immersion like sword art online . 
i tried to google it but the announcement today makes my keywords useless . 	yeah me too . who knows , valve is a pretty secretive company . we all might be pleasantly surprised in the future . 
they certainly seem to hope to be making some money off hardware . i think they were planning on selling some variants of the steam machine themselves . 	these vr devices are extremely cheap to produce given the screens are so small on them , so i think they could easily make a profit . 
people seem to forget some of the iphone 's massive fuckups , like the complete lack of mms support . my cheap ass flip phone from 2005 could send and receive mms messages . 	my shitty nokia could also do group texts , does n't mean the iphone wasnt revolutionary . 
i like the idea of a new orange box 2 that is n't just a bunch of games thrown together but an array of industry - changing peripherals and hl3 . 	i believe you meant the orange cube . 
apple 's habit is to let other manufacturers make the early mistakes then swoop in later with a definitive solution . 	you mean wait for smaller companies to get a good working product and then steal it and sue the smaller company ? 
how about valve announce a new game , preferably one that has a protagonist that carries a crowbar and wears glasses . 	yeah i agree , a team fortress 3 on this would be sick . 
what is the difference in oled displays that makes it more friendly for viewing ? 	the light comes from the pixel itself and not an led behind it , so it 's less bright 
apple 's habit is to let other manufacturers make the early mistakes then swoop in later with a definitive solution . 	this is a winning formula . 
agreed , but i think it is fair to say that it is microsoft 's entry into this space . 	it 's like the first windows phones before windows phone became good . 
i am excited to know valve is now physically selling hats .   	got my milk , got my cookies , got my valve hat . 
all they have to do to beat stem is actually release a product within the year of the promised delivery date . 	half - life 2 episode 3 says hello 
yeah , windows just is n't working out for them 	mostly talking about everything lately like zune , surface , windows phone . 
or maybe they just truly do n't care as much about half life as the fanboys assume ? they 've moved on and that 's okay . 	eh , its still by far their most successful ip . i 'd be very surprised if hl3 was not a big part of their future plans . 
i am excited to know valve is now physically selling hats .   	so many upvotes . i do n't get why people want to wear a hat while gaming . 
i hope it 's world war 3 . 	if it 's not half - life 3 it will be . 
vr half life 3 ? fuck man . do n't tease me like that . 	do n't tease me , bro ! 
i would definitely buy a vr - version of the room . 	interactive navel sex scenes . 
agreed , but i think it is fair to say that it is microsoft 's entry into this space . 	i seriously doubt it , the hololens is meant to be standalone with it 's on phone based hardware . if anything , it 's meant to compete with smartphones not vr . 
apple 's habit is to let other manufacturers make the early mistakes then swoop in later with a definitive solution . 	aka buy the company that does it . 
i just want a vr headset that i can plug into my laptop and stream movies in bed . 	what would be amazing is if you could be in the actual movie . 
i was concerned that you were talking about the movie . 	i would definitely buy a vr - version of the room . 
what would be amazing is if you could be in the actual movie . 	there is the software that allows you to be in a movie theatre . so that 's pretty sweet ! 
what happened to your first game project ? 	it 's in its late beta phase now . it 's actually for university as my graduating thesis , i guess you could call it . trying to finish it within the week actually ! 
fuck that , i want ricochet 3 . well , and 2 for that matter . 	that game has been sitting in my steam library forever . what the hell is it ? 
why do n't games just keep traditional fps aiming and add the headset as a way to look over your virtual shoulder ? 	that is one of the aim modes . valve has a bunch of different control methods for vr . 
or maybe they just truly do n't care as much about half life as the fanboys assume ? they 've moved on and that 's okay . 	no , valve is smart . they 're not going to just leave their story on a cliffhanger forever .    even if it takes 20 years , there 's no doubt in my mind that the story will be finished . 
any idea if there will be settings for people with only one eye ? i know that we are a small demographic but i would like to still have virtual reality with my limited field of vision . 	the experience would be pretty much how you perceive the world now . 
people still wo n't wear even a comfortable peripheral . have you ever seen google glass in the wild ? 	that could easily be explained by the fact that google glass costs as much as a down payment on a decent car . 
i dread the day when people use a vr headset to log onto facebook . 	the company facebook does n't necessarily have to make the product facebook integral to their other products . 
or maybe they just truly do n't care as much about half life as the fanboys assume ? they 've moved on and that 's okay . 	denial is a part of the grieving process . give them time . 
they should probably close steam whilst they 're at it . it 's a waste of their time . 	no , they should stick to what they 're good at . 
is this a surprise announcement , or was it common knowledge valve was working on a vr device ? 	i think it was known valve was playing with their own vr but it was said there were no plans on ever releasing one . 
i am excited to know valve is now physically selling hats .   	i 'm sure it will fit in well along side their consoles and half - life 3 ! 
i just want a vr headset that i can plug into my laptop and stream movies in bed . 	it would burn your brain after 30min . 
it 's a nice thought , but gaben has said that they currently have no games that they are holding back for vr . 	that implies that the game is completed and they 're not relaxing it to make it vr compliant . this does n't mean that the game ca n't still be in development for native vr support . 
the displays are not processed independently . 	no , but the overhead is still different from a single display . 
looks pretty impressive , but i wonder if valve has mad new ip 's for this headset or implemented it into old games like portal like they did with their controller . 	well they are making source 2 or something , so i 'd expect hl3 and cs supporting it , along with whatever new ips they might have planned for the new game engine . 
am i the only one who has zero interest in vr ? it sounds like more of a pain in the ass than anything from an entertainment standpoint . 	i was meh until i had a chance to play with the oculus . it 's a level of immersion that 's unmatched by anything else i 've experienced . 
or maybe they just truly do n't care as much about half life as the fanboys assume ? they 've moved on and that 's okay . 	it 's impossible to live up to the expectations the previous games have made . it would be a bad call making the game i think . 
they will talk about all of that this week on gdc . 	yeah , i 'm not sure how that guy got so many upvotes . they announced that they were going to talk about all of this stuff in the coming week . let 's hold off on the hype and hate till then . 
and microsoft improves on that slightly but too late for anyone to adapt . 	yeah , windows just is n't working out for them 
this is legit my favorite movie . 	the room is n't just a movie . it 's an experience . i ca n't wait to play 3d catch in a virtual tux . 
not the kind of brand loyalty that blackberry and apple had at the time . people paid more for less spec wise and were happy to be part of the club . 	i do n't agree that that 's why the iphone was popular or considered innovative , but you appear to have decided on a narrative and are sticking to it . 
yep , i own one of these . it glows when you 're using the oculus rift in - game too . 	that 's baller , man .  how does tf2 play when you 're wearing the rift ?   
free copy of hl3 with purchase of headset .  take all my fucking money . 	i 'll buy 10 just incase the first 9 copies of hl3 did n't work for some reason . 
oh man ! i completely forgot about this . it works so well just in one take . 	yeah , it 's a really good piece of cinema and a surprisingly believable fight . i like how dae - su oh becomes genuinely exhausted by the end of the scene . 
all you people like to do is bitch . 	not at all . we whine , and we would prefer if you bring some cheese to go with our whine . 
made me laugh out loud . thanks ! 	it 's true tho , for concerts she wears a fake butt . 
now how the fuck do i get 20 more speed ? lmao 	do n't need violent , but violent is better overall . you can replace with swift and still do it 
well xmas genie and kirin werent minis . but mini valk is valid . 	true but they were in the same rem . 
and that 's why they peeled away the middle sticker on the modern italian flag . 	nah , they bleached it , and used it as a white flag . 
does esl mean english second language ? 	english as a second language , yes . that 's what it 's referred to as in american schools . here in texas the esl students are mostly mexican kids . 
i love explaining the bullshit rules of english to esl learners and watching their brains explode . 	does esl mean english second language ? 
i know this is a little late , but torches do n't actually keep you warm . the idea behind torches is to burn grass and trees for fire on your way back to the base . 	after this i checked it out , and while they do n't keep you warm , they seem to slow the rate at which you freeze . 
torches keep you warm ? omg i ca n't believe that has never crossed my mind before . i have so much time in this game i ca n't believe i missed that . 	i know this is a little late , but torches do n't actually keep you warm . the idea behind torches is to burn grass and trees for fire on your way back to the base . 
but did n't you see how good his synopsis of the wikipedia page was ? 	lol ya , i was trying not to hate , but this is like a 4th grader 's speech on why his favorite rapper is the best .  he made an album and people said it was really good ! 
drowned in a bathtub full of cat urine while my children are forced to watch . 	you are a glass half full kinda guy eh ? 
suicide , but very specific . i 'm going to hang myself with piano wire while my hands are glued to the sides of my head so it looks like i pulled my own head off . 	add bungee cord to your feet and jumping off a building so you are dangling over people while holding your own head and we 've got ourselves a plan ! 
i 'm willing to be the first person to get shot into a blackhole just to see what 's up 	you pop out the other side and its another universe in which every person in gay . 
so you 're willing to spend 10 dollars and 2 hours of your time on an adam sandler film so you can say , without a doubt , that you did n't like it and it sucked ? 	you are surprisingly militant about a movie you 've never seen and have no intention of seeing .  i truly do n't understand your motive in continuing to post in this thread 
why was it rated r ? it looked like a family movie 	cussing , some violent acts and a bit of blood throughout . there is one part that gets pretty gory . 
you not going to see movies that are actually good just because critics tell you not to is why better movies do n't get made 	that kind of thinking is why we got 4 transformers movies .  no my not spending money to see movies that are n't that good will help better movies get made . 
that 's low , right ? 	ridiculously low . i 'm sitting in a theater with only two other people in it right now . this is bad .  horrible reviews and bad marketing i suppose . 
i feel the exact sand way . 	i dune too . 
ridiculously low . i 'm sitting in a theater with only two other people in it right now . this is bad .  horrible reviews and bad marketing i suppose . 	in the ny tri - state area there was a huge blizzard , so i guess that accounts for our part . 
ridiculously low . i 'm sitting in a theater with only two other people in it right now . this is bad .  horrible reviews and bad marketing i suppose . 	remember , if a movie you like the premise of is considered bad upon release : it 's either the fault of marketing or critics . it is never the failure of the filmmakers . 
ridiculously low . i 'm sitting in a theater with only two other people in it right now . this is bad .  horrible reviews and bad marketing i suppose . 	why are you on your phone in a movie theater ? 
except everyone loved district 9 edit : i think people misunderstand me . district 9 was great . but elysium was super disappointing and i have no plans to see chappie in theaters . 	saw district 9 in a packed theater where everyone was dead silent throughout and applauded the movie in the end . it was a unique experience for sure . 
was it worth it ? 	i 'd advise seeing it in the morning for cheap . very oddly paced and not all that great in the script department 
remember , if a movie you like the premise of is considered bad upon release : it 's either the fault of marketing or critics . it is never the failure of the filmmakers . 	any movie can make money . any movie . the movie might suck but it can make bank with the right marketing . look at transformers for god 's sake . do those movies flop ? 
except everyone loved district 9 edit : i think people misunderstand me . district 9 was great . but elysium was super disappointing and i have no plans to see chappie in theaters . 	sweet he had one good idea ! let 's see him do it that well even one more time . 
yes , let 's blame the execs for this awful movie , and not the man who directed , wrote , and produced it . 	yeah ! fuck you execs ! ruining our movies ! 
does this kill his alien movie ? 	this should n't kill it , but he definitely needs a good writer for alien . he even said himself he 's a concept guy , not a story one . 
i 'd advise seeing it in the morning for cheap . very oddly paced and not all that great in the script department 	kk i was hoping to see it till there was the extended trailer . i thought it was gonna be a fun flick not a over throw the bad evil ai police movie . guess i 'll see it . 
does this kill his alien movie ? 	i dont see why it would . if people actually saw the film their tune would change , it 's been weeks of rants from people who are geared toward trashing a film they have n't seen . 
ridiculously low . i 'm sitting in a theater with only two other people in it right now . this is bad .  horrible reviews and bad marketing i suppose . 	bad marketing ? i got slammed with marketing for this movie everywhere i turned . 
what sort of advertisements do you see for the film in the netherlands ? does the film have subtitles ? 	the film has subtitles . i 'm not sure about advertisements . i do n't watch television , so i 've seen the trailers online . i do n't think i 've seen any posters . 
yes . some guys are technically good looking , i can appreciate that , but i do n't find them sexually attractive . 	spot on . 
i definitely had a lady boner for brad pitt in fight club . 	what ? not louie in interview with the vampire ? or his role in legends of the fall ? unf . i think i just liked his longer hair . 
totally . often applies to older men . 	kevin spacey , house of cards . made me realize i could totally get hot over an older man 
duh . take , for example , jared leto . he 's handsome as fuck , and i could look at him alllll day . do i find him sexy , though ? no . he 's not my type . 	related question if you feel it appropriate to answer : are you more into gentle love making or hard fucking ? because i find jared leto hot for the latter reason . he could really tear it up 
i 'm gonna say no . i do n't really group men into all these different look groups . i either think you 're good looking or you 're not , so handsome and sexy kind of go hand in hand for me . 	you 've never appreciated a man by his looks without actually feeling him turn you on or think of him in a romantic sense ? like admiring a statue perhaps ? 
for me the same goes for young men . yes , he 's a handsome boy , but eww , i ca n't think about him sexually .  this makes me sound old . i 'm not . 	huh , that 's interesting ! what age range are you ? 
yeah , news anchors and politicians usually . 	talking heads then . what about in the common layman ? 
watch american beauty , your comment fits it perfectly . 	i 'm aware . he has this effect on people 
i just feel his face looks very bland . like , he 's definitely handsome but very bland . like un - iced white cake . 	nice metaphor . 
related question if you feel it appropriate to answer : are you more into gentle love making or hard fucking ? because i find jared leto hot for the latter reason . he could really tear it up 	you ca n't tell how someone can fuck based on how they look alone . 
sometimes i feel like that , counting my bags of milk . or getting angry and trying to salvage bottles my husband forgets to refrigerate .  i 'm a little ashamed to admit this . 	girl , do n't be ashamed ! i think all of us who pump at all feel that way from time to time . 
we should have won that game . 	this hurts even more because if they gave the ball to frank he would have gotten the ring he deserves . 
 thats a life necessity , warm body while you poop come on with this technology we could rule the world 	oh definitely , i would have loved to have seen one of the characters rocking a onesie in the show . 
oh definitely , i would have loved to have seen one of the characters rocking a onesie in the show . 	you just know theyd have rick with one button broken in the back giving a bad ass one liner punching some guy in face then walk away . 
it 's like going to a major gaming event .  of course it 's free at home . but it 's a really cool experience to be there . 	or going to playoff game . sure you have commentators when you 're at your house but going to one is hype as fuck and fun . except for food them bitches over charge you 
that 's a shame . i thought it was getting a big push with the live - action movie and whatnot . 	the live action movie was made for the 20th anniversary of the end of the manga , not because of the anime . 
the live action movie was made for the 20th anniversary of the end of the manga , not because of the anime . 	i was under the impression that the anime might have been used to increase the movie 's ticket sales . it would explain why they would decide to adapt an old manga . 
3 , 000 yen to watch it on a big screen when it becomes free the following day ? 	i understand your guys 's examples , but this is a 20 minute episode . those are not . you 're practically paying more than 1 dollar for 1 minute of your time . 
yeah , he 's looking for someone to teach him how to make fakes 	yes guys i looking for a reliable source to learn and tell me what where to get all the product i need . again i have read over 50 post but each lead to someone else or they only sell ids  
holy shit that 's amazing . the removable top hat really seals the deal on that bad boy . if only abe himself could see the beauty he would inspire . 	it would blow his mind . 
looks more like a bearded bill murray . 	probably could have charged a lot more for a bill murray pipe . 
extruder temp is 230 and the bed is 50 . the material is pla . i slowed down the print last night but it did the same thing 	your extruder temp seems really high . try printing between 190 - 210 . 205 with a 50 degree bed works perfect for me , but that could just be me . 
if this game ever goes f2p , there will have to be an extensive roster if at least 8 monsters and 24 hunters . then on top of that , the people who bought it would need rewarded with something . 	8 monsters might not be enough content to hold a playerbase .  i think 12 starting , then maybe 6 more to unlock at the very least . 
8 monsters might not be enough content to hold a playerbase .  i think 12 starting , then maybe 6 more to unlock at the very least . 	i was just saying at a minimum . they would also have to release regularly like lol . it could work but it 'll take at least a year 
ewww how am i supposed to finish this city now ? anyone know any way of removing the cap ? i do n't seem to have any performance issues so far with that many trees . 	none that i know of . you can remove trees elsewhere though , to clear up some of your cap . 
i wanted to write comic books in my youth . i would often create characters with cool powers and an interesting background but no story . 	i used to do that too . i would draw characters and give them a trading card origin with some stats and powers . tried to make stories for some , but they ultimately went nowhere . 
more for the rest of us ! real ramen is so much different and better than the 10 cent stuff . 	i mean , im sure this taste good but you eat with your vision as well as your taste and this look like some aliens been boiled or something . i googled some ramen and most of those looked nice . 
anyone else think that pork in the middle was some kind of grub ? 	pork ? there was meat in that ? 
same here but on top of that , i thought it was uncooked . 	raw shrimp sushi is n't bad at all . 
he seems very much in control to me . 	it 's all a trick . hawking is a puppet . his computer has gained consciousness and is using hawking as a decoy so people wont catch on . 
that was my college smoke shop ! it used to be in tampa , florida but sadly no longer exists . 	oh yeah it is in orlando now , at least it was in 2010 
hey that rhymes ! 	better get that sick track to ashley angel parker from o town . i think professor angel 's teaching on the sunny beaches of canada right now . 
i was just talking about an experience like that today . my question is can you say bong in a head shop in colorado . 	i 'd surely hope so . water pipe just sounds so dirty . 
not much , a couple seconds iirc . i always go flashbang and exos disabled for my system hacks , the extra time is n't really necessary , or effective for that matter . 	i heard each extra time module gives 10 extra seconds . confirm ? 
that was me ! i 'm so excited to finally got it . 850 hours into the game and it 's finally mine ! thanks again ! 	i got mine from hard mode crota two weeks ago . we 're finally cool enough to raid with the cool kids ! 
dropping hundreds of dollars at the outlet and their garage sales , i 've earned a dividend of 20 cents . 	outlet , markdown , and garage sale items do n't get dividends . only regular price items . which is sad , because i 'd be rolling in dividends . 
outlet , markdown , and garage sale items do n't get dividends . only regular price items . which is sad , because i 'd be rolling in dividends . 	yep . it 's apparent my shopping habits . 
i 've had this pain since friday or something 	your mom honestly wo n't care , i told my mom i had ed as a side - effect of an anxiety medication and it was fine . 
your mom honestly wo n't care , i told my mom i had ed as a side - effect of an anxiety medication and it was fine . 	 aha , mums are surprisingly cool about that stuff . plus it 's not like she is going to inquire more than need be . 
like i said in the past new to mh . we had some fun , and he sent me his gc .    was he a hacker or is this actually possible ? because i do n't even have close to what he has 	it 's impossible , the guy was modifying his save game to get things way before they are accessible at his level . 
it 's impossible , the guy was modifying his save game to get things way before they are accessible at his level . 	oh with powersaves ? i would n't have thought of that but it makes sense . i sold mine awhile back after it bricked my pokemon .    i vowed to not cheat again after that day 
sperm donor . 	lol that 's what my sister and i call our bio dad . my mom did n't like it at first but then started calling him that too . my step dad is the shit though , a great man . 
unfortunately , there are a lot of people who have kids and just assume that they will be heterosexual . this jackass does n't deserve children . 	i dont think its wrong to assume you kid will be hetero sexual given that that is what the vast majority of people are . but it is wrong to act this way when you kid comes realizes he is gay . 
when i make chili , i like to add a bit of cocoa or chocolate . it gives it so much more depth ! 	mm , i love chocolate in chili . i tend to put a couple of squares of dark chocolate in about halfway through the time in the slow cooker . it 's extremely satisfying to watch it melt in . 
yeah i wanted to wait a little while longer but scheduling dictated i could n't . glad i was more down on those guys than most to begin with . 	i do n't think the injured players in the rankings are relevant at all . all of us that play fantasy baseball know if it 's written early to factor that when reading a rankings list . 
this thing made me start building roa on annie and my kda skyrocketed , thank you for the update . 	really ? but does n't it delay your level 6 power spike ? 
looks tasty ! but the purp in it makes me think it 's indica dominant rather than sativa 	i 've seen sativa buds in a magazine once and in person once that were blue with an oil slick like hue and sheen . so anything is possible . 
awesome work ! where are you ? 	thanks ! i 'm from denmark , and on some private road .  do you know it ? 
none of them have helped . much . i keep putting the mask down too late . 	have you tried to time how they move ? 
which is why i wo n't intervene off duty unless it poses a risk to life . in which case i wo n't need the cuffs , a 9mm usually is sufficient enough to restrain a person . 	i like that method . no need to be stepping up to the plate in every situation .  what 9mm do you carry off - duty ? 
you ca n't keep playing the same maps over and over , something has to change . 	i do n't care about map pool changes , but they need to do it for maps that we know work well for competitive play . 
i do n't care about map pool changes , but they need to do it for maps that we know work well for competitive play . 	train will work for competitive play , nuke is irritating everyone including pro 's because you actually ca n't do anything . 
how did you manage to employ asylum seekers ? asylum seekers are n't allowed to work . 	turn of phrase - i meant after they 'd been allowed to stay here . 
you need to figure out where all your money is going . budget as if you 'll be making 40k . 	so that 's like 30k a year after tax , 2 , 500 a month 900 on rent 400 on bullshit and fun 100 on gas ?  200 on food then the rest on getting a car and paying it off as fast as possible ?   
so that 's like 30k a year after tax , 2 , 500 a month 900 on rent 400 on bullshit and fun 100 on gas ?  200 on food then the rest on getting a car and paying it off as fast as possible ?   	savings ? emergency fund ? retirement ? everything else ? 400 is a lot to spend on fun . 
that guy deserved to die , the ones shooting at you were probably his friends , maybe not but still . : p 	the one at the airfield may have been his friend . the second guy not so sure . but we lost him so that meant we had three targets at unknown locations so we ran . 
that guy deserved to die , the ones shooting at you were probably his friends , maybe not but still . : p 	i thought the same , but we took his gun , so he was n't much of a threat . at the end of the day , we were the bandits and his friends were the hero 's anyway . 
most guys ignore the laugh , and that 's about standards .  i mean , if you want to get into the evil league of evil you have to have a memorable laugh . 	see , another great example .  this guy gets it . 
to be fair , barry 's eyes occasionally glow yellow when he is using the speedforce . 	i noticed it for the first time in this episode when he is at the weather wizard 's apartment . 
you know there were taxes before the money was fiat , right ? 	you 're getting the order of causation backwards . of course taxes can exist without fiat . the power of fiat comes from taxes . 
to compare library visits to wikipedia visits would be like comparing bank visits to bitcoin transactions . 	devil 's advocate : the difference being that going on wikipedia is n't seen as a risk to your money . 
they fundamentally changed the convenience of food . 	since we know what happens by only eating md it may be convenient for some . but it would be impossible to replace normal food with md 
the mass adoption of crypto will force an implosion of fiat waaay before 2050 . i 'm thinking more like 2030 . 	in a truly free market maybe . but large banks and governments will get in the way . plus 2030 is only 15 years away . no way mass adoption will happen that fast regardless 
we just got home from the vet . they gave her an antibiotic and a steroid . 	it 's been a while since my dog had one . that 's about all you can do now right ? just wait till it gets better ? 
this is the correct answer . a team that wins will almost always have a good team environment , especially one like tip who are on a massive winning streak . 	i disagree . did you see coast ? they were so happy in the mic checks , and they are the worst team to ever grace the lcs . 
the walk itself was a total show stealer . 	i love the part where he 's walking in step to the beat of the song 
does a shield really offer that much more protection if you arnt defense ? 	especially if cloth , plus it adds another roll to negate damage with the block chance . 
does a shield really offer that much more protection if you arnt defense ? 	an easy 1k physical defense on top of whatever gear you already have , plus the chance to negate all damage with a block . 
interesting timing , but like anything with the french team it will be a genius move in time for the wc or a complete disaster . 	he would only take over after the world cup though . it 's just that the club need some time to find somebody else before it 's mid - season . 
he would only take over after the world cup though . it 's just that the club need some time to find somebody else before it 's mid - season . 	ah ok , i read that he was taking over in may , my mistake . 
because they are top players and rather then at least make it fun that they are tearing these guys apart they use an easy broken custom move set . 	the other two are tops too : p 
i had a bit of a headache so i had to drop out for the last few hours , but i 'm glad i got to make a cameo and give you my well wishes . here 's to another year , hope it 's a good one . 	we all understand byte ! : 3 no probs ! 
i thought it was a channel : o 	you know what i mean : p 
oh yes , because we need to break the poor 21st wall . 	all the walls are broken , supreme . all of them . embrace the chaos . 
you know what i mean : p 	i do ? : o 
it was great . 	you all did so exciting and made me so happy . i 've made great friends 
your game ? 	beyond fate , the rpg maker game i 'm working on . 
one example i 've seen for the original intent of the federal bill was allowing a muslim prisoner to keep a close cropped beard while in prison . 	someone on my facebook just posted how this opens the door for the first church of cannabis . 
oh i get it . it was just a shitty joke out of left field . 	it was a great joke . fastball down the middle . you just swung and missed is all . it 's okay though . 
unlimited authority and no accountability granted to them by their union . 	and other cops , prosecutors , judges , jurors , legislators and much of the general public . 
her boss introduced her to the reporter , then fired her for talking to the reporter . he 's an ass . 	he 's internet famous now too . that ca n't be fun . 
any way we could send her a little cash ? 	start a gofundme or something .  hopefully someone in the area will hire her though , at a decent wage . 
that 's just bullshit .  unions do n't lead to that . police with unlimited authority and no accountability lead to that . 	unlimited authority and no accountability granted to them by their union . 
any way we could send her a little cash ? 	anyone in the area looking for a good employee ? someone open the damn door and give this woman a chance . 
all that shows is that she can sign her own name nothing more . 	when he asked for her name , she could have given him it though . surely someone would have known how to read it 
lots of people that ca n't read or write sign contracts every single day . back in the day an x was considered good enough for a signature . 	she clearly signed her name though , which showed at least some literacy skills 
thats incredible . time to light one up ! 	i 've been in that little watchtower in that building . thatd be a tight smoke spot 
lol , just a mild interest then . ha . 	a dick in the hand is worth two in the bush ? 
yeah , it looks like your beard 's lugging around more than a hundred pounds . 	closer to 200 really . the part on top of it is really gnarly . 
hey nice beard man , did you grow it yourself ? 	lol . yes . lot 's of beer and sunshine . 
sea urchin sushi , raw tuna belly meat sushi .  dont use wasabi , just a bit of soy sauce . best thing ever . 	will use wasabi cause i like it spicy but will try it in the end of the week : d 
what got me into it was chicken teriyaki rolls . i then moved onto the 'normal 'stuff like california rolls , dynamite rolls , dragon rolls etc . i still have n't got the guts to try sashimi . 	i 'd say give it a shot when you 're out at a sushi place next . you usually only get 1 or 2 with your order anyway . it 's good , but i like the rolls a little more . 
did n't eat mayonnaise up until last year , probably had something to do with the fact it resembles semen . now i eat it with just about anything 	i 'm just worried about the age you mast have been exposed to semen the first time . i think the average person would have tasted mayonnaise at some point in childhood ? 
haha , i 'll admit i was dead wrong about them . now the only uncomfortable feeling i get is when i eat too many junior bacon cheeseburgers . 	yeah , i do have to admit they are one of the better fast food chains . 
no way , stewie has n't been funny since the third season . peter and chris make me laugh the hardest . 	for real ? hmm seems we have a diffrent kind of humor then 
when i was younger , i refused to go to taco bell . i had convinced myself it was gross . as i got older , i realized it 's just the taste of fresh tomatoes that made it so bad for me . 	raw ? yes . fresh ? no . 
not seeing the quick release on the front wheel . 	you 'd be right . it 's an allen key tightened track skewer . 
you 'd be right . it 's an allen key tightened track skewer . 	quick release on the track lol . the guy has no idea what he 's talking about . 
just curious , what do you need to clean on a track bike ? surely must be wayyy cleaner than an outdoor bike . 	been training at an outdoor track in san jose so the matt finish picks up a lot of dirt . 
coffee is great ! having it again right now . you mentioned one of tge cigars was the one that got you started , which one is it ? 	that 's great , had some of that coffee myself this morning .  it was the case magna . it 's what really got me into cigars . 
do you limit that to swing top growlers or can you bottle in screw tops , too ? 	i bottle in all screw tops and just make sure they 're newer so they have a good seal . 
what 's your most embarrassing story ? 	hmmm . recently i was playing on a children 's swing and it broke while i was mid flight . needless to say i flew off 
that game started as a probable blow out and then turned exciting . 	frankly it was less exciting as a packers fan and more terrifying , that second half was just frightening flashbacks to how bad the secondary had been since nick collins went down 
texans vs cowboys and that super bowl was pretty good too i guess . 	fuck that was a good game . 
bit biased here , but green bay vs . atlanta at lambeau was a shoot - out , had me crapping my pants 	this game had a lot of sentimental value with me . i had to put my dog down the night before and i was an emotional wreck all day . the game really cheered me up minus the second half . 
itt : any game people won against the seahawks 	heavy lies the crown . but it 's also good to be king . 
i agree with this . a very tense game and i 'm proud to say we brought it to the packers at lambeau 	to me it , the lions game , the browns game , and that loss to the panthers to end the season highlighted why mike smith should n't be a nfl head coach . 
this game had a lot of sentimental value with me . i had to put my dog down the night before and i was an emotional wreck all day . the game really cheered me up minus the second half . 	sorry about your beloved pooch , i 've had to put a few animals down and it 's never an easy decision . 
chargers vs ravens was almost as exciting too . 	there 's a few games where i can directly blame our secondary for losing . this was one of them . 
there 's a few games where i can directly blame our secondary for losing . this was one of them . 	that was one of those rare games where even after the game was over i still could n't believe they somehow won . 
in fairness i wanted the packers to win , they 're my second favorite team . 	im still not happy , wilson put some tebow level shit on us 
heavy lies the crown . but it 's also good to be king . 	ca n't wait to for the game at green bay this season . 
my fav was sf a few years back . 	i kicked over chairs every time the 49ers scored . needed the win to have a chance at the division . 
i could n't give a fuck about the character . i 'm tempted to set this up .  hrm . 	if you have the code , i 'll gladly set it up . 
its actually fucking remarkable how much circle jerk there is against this account . i mean god dammit people the mod in this screenshot is joking jesus christ . 	it 's a bot reply , not even a real mod . 
i like how he jumps over the question of how a piece of factory automation software magically learns to hack computers straight to the implications of this entirely nonsensical scenario . 	it 's super smart and has the capacity to learn independently from its creators . that 's how it can learn to hack computers . 
give me a hint , is it a word or a picture ? 	its a picture , but i would quit it 's too late now i 've searched all day and got nothing . 
what is rent there like ? 	well i rent a room in a 3 bedroom house for 275 a month . but that 's a steal . 
easily done in a small southern city . my boyfriend makes like 12 , 000 yearly . 	what is rent there like ? 
what is your favorite snack food ? 	hot cheetos with lime flavor . yum ! 
i know you mentioned you do n't really see your birth mom much anymore , but what is your relationship like ? or , what was it like before your dad was awarded custody ? 	she always had favorites . for some reason she skipped over me . she always felt more like the friend with the car that we kept around instead of a mom or an authority figure . 
genuine question . by whom ?  edit : after i checked out the usual suspects none of them has an thread about this one . 	ya i am not sure . but every single thing i posted in this thread is in the negative . but other people 's stuff is not , not sure  
that guy usually has a big star up does n't he ? 	it 's the new orleans saints logo - they have it lit most of the football season . the 12 flag is a recent thing . 
as someone over 21 with no kids , movie ratings are something i have n't thought about in a long time . i kinda just go . 	is the age for admission into r - rated movies 21 where you live ? 
is the age for admission into r - rated movies 21 where you live ? 	not op , but at the movie theaters you have to be 21 to buy multiple r rated tickets . 
are there stage fatalities ? 	i have n't played the game so i do n't know , but i believe there are faction fatalities which appeared to use stage props . i believe i saw someone use a big minigun . 
there 's more than just those 3 . a fair amount of the roster in this game is based on related characters . 	? its those three and jax 's daughter 
i ca n't remember what 's the last mk i played , but i remember it had the option to create my own fighter , is there such thing in this edition ? 	heh , that was a one time feature in one of the worst mk games . to answer the question , there is no create a fighter . 
why do you say that ? this is n't street fighter where they release 8 editions of the same game . 	are n't there a few dlc fighters ? i 'm sure at some point there will be a retail version that includes those fighters . 
i wish they did have the dudes i mentioned . ca n't wait to play it next week ! 	i 'm gonna miss noob 
i 'm considering on buying it , i have n't played any mk since the ps2 era and this one looks really good . 	mk 2011 was excellent being back on a 2d playing field . this one should be just as good if not better . 
maybe you 're thinking of last resort ? 	could be , but i also remember watching this with a russian crew trying to catch them , and as it got more and more stupid i abandoned it . 
they have n't snatched up any trademarks , yet ; they 've only applied . vcu wo n't be letting go of the havoc brand without a fight . 	our legal team is havoc . 
given that it 's barely able to function on its own , i 'm not sure how practical such a feature would be , but afaik we do not know definitively one way or the other . 	i would like to see it locked to one device until it is removed from that device manually . that would circumvent some of the black market sales . 
they could have easily put that in the sync function . sync with lock . but i guess there would be issues if the phone was stolen then you would be assed out of a watch . 	lock it with your apple id ? 
i would like to see it locked to one device until it is removed from that device manually . that would circumvent some of the black market sales . 	they could have easily put that in the sync function . sync with lock . but i guess there would be issues if the phone was stolen then you would be assed out of a watch . 
lock it with your apple id ? 	yeah i can see that . phone has to be connected to initiate sync up and lock . 
had n't even thought about that . but still , when would you take it off for someone to take ? 	thinking about a robbery or mugging . 
old enough to watch the whole bulls run here . i see some weird stuff from younger folks , but i understand that perspective on this stuff is cyclical . 	yeah 20 years down the track and we could very well be questioning if lbj is the best ever sf . 
dwight has more illegitimate children than post - moves . 	dwight 's sex life could be summed up with two shows . 19 and counting and 16 and pregnant . 
greatest player since jordan . check the flair so you know it 's real . 	for me , when you take into account everything , duncan is the second best big man of all time after kareem . 
yeah 20 years down the track and we could very well be questioning if lbj is the best ever sf . 	20 years down the line and he very well might not be anymore . 
man , pretty soon he 'll hit his prime . watch out nba ! 	nah , 39 is still divisible . wait 2 more year till he 's 41 , then he 'll really hit his prime . 
one of the best athletes of any sport , period . he was supposedly a world class swimmer coming out of high school and did n't really put much work into bball until college . 	weird to think that if hurricane hugo did n't hit his town , he probably would have stuck with swimming and you would have no great spurs dynasty . 
when aron baynes fouled out and duncan came in he had this look on his face : he knew he was gonna get the w tonight whatever it took maybe 9 minutes left in the 4th or so 	haha i thought i was the only one who noticed that annoyed expression , then proceed to have a low post battle with howard which he got called a foul . 
in basketball age , duncan has seen bosh 's family in person . 	tim duncan 's so old , he 's older than kevin garnett . 
want to talk one of the best athletes in nba history ? 	one of the best athletes of any sport , period . he was supposedly a world class swimmer coming out of high school and did n't really put much work into bball until college . 
dwight 's sex life could be summed up with two shows . 19 and counting and 16 and pregnant . 	too bad there 's not a show about your wife fucking her trainer huh ? 
in basketball age , he 's like 102 	in basketball age , duncan has seen bosh 's family in person . 
to point out false or bias things when i see them . i do n't post very often unless yall are talking about atheist . 	fair point , and i applaud your efforts toward accurate representation ! 
no , just be patient 	cool . this is the first game i 've pre - loaded . was n't really sure on it . any way i can find out if i 'll be able to play it tomorrow or have to wait for tuesday ? 
shhhhh jesus do n't go telling everyone our secret lol 	people have already started to figure it out , the prices have been going down rapidly over the last week , not much to hide anymore . 
is that a huge garage or a tiny house ? 	it 's gotta be a split level . 
i asked how they know each other so i 'd know how to avoid meeting people like this . 	it 's clear from the post that you do n't have to meet me in order for me to smell your bullshit and call you out on it . 
why not work a farm exemption into a reasonable estate tax then ? 	i could not agree more . there is a difference between taxing 13 million dollars in cattle and taxing a 13 million dollar yacht . 
lol this is hilarious , i wish there were more sociopath submissions from facebook in this sub . stuff like this is hilarious i do n't know why people would bother doing this . 	people do it on reddit too , there was this one guy who lied about having a music store and said he would donate a box of reeds to some kid . 
if you have n't played it , i would recommend spec ops : the line even though it might not be considered recent anymore . 	i played it . good game but it messed with my head more than any other game in recent memory . 
hell yeah ! i 'm legitimately happy for you 	i 'll follow up with you . i 'm sure it 's going to be great ! excited !  thanks again . 
wolfenstein : the new order . i could n't stop ! played through the entire thing in a weekend it was like a good movie . not many games catch me like this one did . 	agreed . i was super impressed by it . 
where in the sam shit is that ?    where do i find that ? 	ca n't you search for files in file explorer ? 
because fuck empathy , it 's all about me ! 	business . they charged me a 20 dollar delivery fee on top of 12 for the pizza . i ai n't tipping for shit 
i might have to join in the posting fun ! you look delicious ! 	the more girls , the better ! : d it 's not just a male thread and i think many men here need to be reminded of that . 
yeah i noticed haha . it 's really significant . that was the name of the episode when they first slept together . 	yes it was the name of the episode , but i think it 's more significant because it 's the video they were watching that caused them to sleep together . 
nintendo phones it in so hard these days no one can tell their sequels from straight remakes . 	you phone it so hard these days no one can tell if you 're even trying or trolling . 
on a mobile device ? 	haha no . i took the screenshot from my smart glass app on my phone 
for an easier play just grab a cop car from the get go and take the highway that runs along the west coast , it leads straight to the boat with almost 4 minutes to spare 	or you could just go to your garage and grab an armored kuruma or something else . 
you only get one armor doing this , unfortunately . it does n't fill your reserves . 	it 's annoying , because buying ammo like that fills everything . 
i 'm looking for the same thing ! grabbed an extra purple to trade , but it 's been hard trying to find someone with a blue or red ! 	i have both , but only one of each . i do have a duplicate turquoise though if you want to trade for the purple . 
i have a extra blue pin . i 'm down to trade for the purple pin if you want 	really ? cool sounds great ! i 'll pm you some details . thanks ! 
my guess is asik does n't give a shit and neither should you 	yeah but it 's a team prayer , i 'm just saying imagine if a coach of a different faith did this , it would definitely not be shrugged off so easily 
what the hell are you talking about ? he can pray whenever he damn well feels like it . so can asik . that is what freedom of religion is all about . 	can he lead the team in prayer tho ? would n't that alienate players of different faith ? 
hey ! sorry about this , we just launched the product and wanted to get it out there as fast as possible . better copy coming soon . hope you will give it 5 minutes ! 	i definitely will when i 'm back in the lab . does it run on mac ? 
minecraft cakes taste like dirt . 	and sand . 
good job . you beat him because he chose rage rockets and you used cn mjolnir in case you 're wondering . rage ca n't apply as well to frigates . good decision on your part . 	did not know , it 's all i can use . i ca n't fit t2 launchers yet : 3 thanks for that tip though , i 'll be sure to remember it . 
that upload time is fucking ridiculous . god amongst men . 	the race for karma is real . 
sorry for the low quality , i havent had a chance to redo it yet . finals coming up and stuff so im busy atm 	nice but , wow , why is the video mirrored ? i was so confused for the first few seconds 
well , i had to call my mom to be sure , but that totals 0 dicks sucked . so i guess you 're saying the trailers are really good ? 	considering you 're around , maybe your mom should have sucked at least 1 more dick . 
post up the fundraiser when you start it , i 'll contribute for sure . 	thanks , appreciate the support ! 
roll is probably my favorite video of bjj right now . i think you have enough support from the community to ask for crowdfunding , and you should n't feel bad for asking it . 	thanks man , really glad you enjoyed the film . thanks for the feedback this may be an option for my next film . 
loved roll ! being from socal it was cool to see . why not ask for money ? it seems perfectly logical to me just as long as the content is well produced . 	glad you enjoyed it and thanks for the feedback . i 'll be aiming to produce something of a high standard from both a content and technical standpoint .  dan 
you were supposed to quiver before my might and hand over the information . 	or i can just leave here and you 're still none the wiser . : p are you related to the hood by any chance ? 
maybe that is true for your child , not necessarily for every single child . 	it is basic human nature . i am sure there is an exception but that is just how we work . not even human nature actually because it applies to animals as well . 
might be partly since my bikes are bit old , but maybe you need to shop around ? that seems a bit high . 	i have been . that 's the cheapest i could fine . my bike is a 1999 . that 's the normal for someone my age . 
aldi is a lot cheaper . 	if there is one in your area . i loved that place when i lived in wichita , but i moved back to vegas . 
op wants karma cuz he 's butthurt over a girl ? probs . 	no , op is a grill , pissed at other grills being cooler . 
that poor fat girl . 	lol i had to look back at the pics to find who you were talking about . i swore they were all skinny the first time i clicked the link . 
i do n't think i 've ever said this in my life , but the far right girl in the first picture needs a fucking sandwich . 	i think she 's sucking in hardcore . if you look at her arms they look pretty healthy . 
i do n't think i 've ever said this in my life , but the far right girl in the first picture needs a fucking sandwich . 	sadly , i think she may have a problem with food . it 's not atypical for a teenage girl to be thin , but they are n't generally concave . 
i think you just have a personal grudge on these girls man . 	she 's an 18 year old girl , i 'll bet that is exactly what this is . 
its set for an interval of a minute , most people refresh more frequent than that for avatars . 	yeah but most people do n't refresh mechanically at the exact same interval for 2 days straight . o_o good luck but i 'd feel bad if i did n't mention it . 
i 'm gonna be honest , it sounds like you buy games in shitty economic markets so that you can pay less . there is a reason for region locking . 	because ip is actually worthless so whatever you get for it is ok . that 's the only thing selling in russia for nothing tells me . 
yep , split a house with a friend , no issues at all . all i suggest to anyone considering it is to be very sure you are doing it with the right person . 	how was the mortgage arranged ? did one of you take it out and have a gentleman 's agreement or did they combine your credit histories ? 
a friend of mine did this years ago . in the end it cost him tens of thousands of dollars . and worst yet , it cost him the friendship of his childhood best friend .  do n't do it . do n't . 	equally a friend of mine did this with his brother , his brothers partner , and a friend . it worked out well for all of them . 
dude , they 've been 2 - 3 years out from headlining for a good 10 years now , lol 	i know , but since they did n't headline this year , i just have to reset the odometer . next time , i tell ya ! 
are n't the costs extremely high ?  i 'm 24 and have been thinking about a vasectomy for a while now . 	extremely high . it is not a good thing to plan on . 
where can i find a carlos of my own ? 	follow the burritos . they will guide you in your quest . good luck ! 
did you make that ? it 's nice ! the place i got the original picture from was a large photo book that probably has one of these with her in it like this ! thank you ! 	i made portrait with a photo that you have published , i took only the face 
have you ever actually met someone like that ? i feel like those super anal people are a myth people perpetuate to make themselves feel better . 	it 's like the inverse of the no true scotsman thing . 
have you ever actually met someone like that ? i feel like those super anal people are a myth people perpetuate to make themselves feel better . 	yeah , i have , he 's actually super fit though . he just got married to someone i assume is equally freaky 
i also imagine a certain tall swede would be more inclined to play for this country than bosnia . 	i wanted to show mercy on the other teams bro . 
i apologize i am not a smart man . my reply is below . 	yeah i was just in gold 2 and i was n't finding shit , went up to g1 , still nothing , dropped down to g3 and still nothing . i 'm just an unlucky guy . 
bio queen ? 	a bio queen is a queen that is biologically female . 
what 's the matter albert ? are you afraid of having a rich man trickle all over your face ? 	it may be your idea of fun , but it is n't mine . 
any approximation in hours ? 	most of day 7 is stopping to grind . i had to stop two different times . hard to say an hour count for that . 
what if they just accept it as a regular person and not in an official capacity ? is n't the amount like 10k at that point ? 	people would find out and it would look like they were taking a bribe . 
does the split ls fit tts ? 	yes - fits the same as everyone of my other size l supreme button downs 
lmao , repost ?  i took the screenshot from instagram and edited it myself .  edit : i actually know this person , for proof i 'll post more , she 's got a ton of worse things 	yes more . this girl deserves a shrine 
it 's been posted here by another person that follows her then because i saw this last month 	i vaguely remember a similar post , maybe even the same post , but i think the thing covering the goods was a different picture . 
the second choice is the one to go with . if you turn your stream off , you 're likely to lose the window - shopping viewers . 	this is a very good point to make , it is actually the one that is more likely to work . i have edited the post and put this as the first option . 
russia . because they at least hold their word . 	that has to be hands down either the most ignorant opinion i 've read this year . 
nice toy ! where did you get it ? 	bad dragon , it was a gift 
eh for guys defending israel the terrorists idgaf there 's no rational to that ever . 	whos defending israel ? dude you have it all wrong . its nice knowing that work i have done for palestinians and their cause isnt appreciated . 
maybe you should watch it yourself and form your own opinion ? 	of course , and if it differs from yours , you can simply go ahead and delete my comment . thanks . 
so buy adidas polo shirts then just add the empire logo ? 	buy the empire polo and add the adidas logo . simple . 
how in god 's name do you make those bastards stick to the metal so nicely ? sooner or later they always fall of for me 	yeah i never trust the adhesive pad on those for any period of time .  i always make use of the screw hole to secure them , right after i stick them on any kind of surface . 
nice job man , but where 's the wire labels ? 	i was thinking the same thing ! 
how in god 's name do you make those bastards stick to the metal so nicely ? sooner or later they always fall of for me 	my trick : super glue . 
i pity whoever has to service that because all of the wires are the same color .  but your layout is great . 	this is typical for the industry although wire tags would usually be there . 
how in god 's name do you make those bastards stick to the metal so nicely ? sooner or later they always fall of for me 	i 've had good luck with them by  1 : cleaning the surface with ipa  2 : waiting a fair amount of time before putting any load on them 
of course it 's not as cut and dry , but everything being equal , size matters and jiu jitsu wo n't noneify it . 	no but there are lots of other variables , limb length , speed , cardio . jiu jitsu gives you tools , not magic , but it does give you tools to beat people of a greater size . i 've done it 
curse you metamoris for making smart business decisions ! 	why is it a smart business decision ? 
it 's never going to die . : d well its wearer will but that 's another story . 	well if he tries in life people will love him . 
i came here because i 've constantly had fatties talk down to me about how skinny i am for my entire life . 	that 's how shitlords born . welcome mate . 
i came here because taking care of fat people at the hospital all day was making me lose my mind .  i love it here . 	you sound like someone who has a lot of stories to tell . i would love to hear them . 
it 's like a workout that you drink ! 	i hope no coke or pepsi marketing people see this because that 's actually a great ad campaign idea with how stupid millions of americans are . 
only diet soda . cause it has diet in the name . 	do n't drink too much diet soda or you 'll go into starvation mode .   
bitching at people in their own family about genetics . how ? 	because he 's adopted , hello ! you 're expecting fatties to have a decent human logic . 
my dad did nothing except switch pepsi to diet pepsi and lost 30 pounds over time . need i say more ? 	damn , he must have been drinking a lot of pepsi .  good for him for losing weight ! 
damn , he must have been drinking a lot of pepsi .  good for him for losing weight ! 	this is why i do n't like those commercials for low carb beer . if you drink so much beer that you need to start counting calories i think you have more than one problem . 
my dad did nothing except switch pepsi to diet pepsi and lost 30 pounds over time . need i say more ? 	good example . most whales , however , switch to diet soda and decide to triple the food on their plate , having the same mentality they carry with fat fighters . 
god this sub 's shit 	then do n't post here you fucking dumbass 
only diet soda . cause it has diet in the name . 	it 's like a workout that you drink ! 
it is alot better than it used to be though , and the netcode is really good . 	you mean comparatively , or good in general ? on ps4 it still sucks a lot 
tell him in writing of how serious the issue is and then it 's up to him if he wants to do anything about it . 	this . it is all about risk acceptance and mitigation . unless there is a law compelling you to divulge information , and the client is aware and accepts the risk , move on . 
did you mean white james ? 	you mean white black ddk ? 
it does n't really matter . a challenge can be made against the law without there being any examples of it being used . unreasonable or overly intrusive surveillance does fall under section 8 .   	it 's certainly possible , but establishing standing in such instances is hardly guaranteed . 
it 's probably just an oddity in the destiny tracker data as i 've never seen those perks in game . i just had a look at a few other helmets in their db and they all have those perks . 	my bad got this info from destiny tracker , i dont actually have the helmets in game yet , i have just noticed the same as you too   
i 'm still really worried about the left vote splitting between libs and ndp - along with die hard cons who just cant see the damage being done . 	if it makes you feel any better , i was leaning towards liberals until they outlined their campaign . absolutely awful . bill c - 51 was just icing on the cake . 
i would want to have a guy that knows how to spell his own name . 	i finally understand this reference , have an upvote ! 
no serious tag , you 're in for a fun ride .  seriously , do n't say your weakness is you work too hard , you 're too honest , you 're too loyal , etc . 	get the best of both worlds without the tag .  the funny answers and the odd helpful answer 
strengths : your mom .  weaknesses : stamina 	do n't worry , i can never last long with op 's mum either . 
did the actual report ever get released and was he ever charged ? because if he was n't i 'd kinda feel like a dick  	nothing except the kotaku article has been released . this is just a case of incorrect information being spread . 
i want to say if you hit triangle and browse by location when you select a track it shows the track map for the different layouts at that location . 	thanks ! that certainly helps . but it 's very cumbersome , considering that previous view has the entire list and just a picture . 
i hope they got their shit together and it was n't as bad as last year . three hours of watching grads file into the stadium before the program even started . ridiculous . 	tell me about it . i was in the stadium for the whole thing last year . it was painful !  everything did seem timely this time around though , at least on the live stream . 
i wonder what her little brother is like . 	he 's like a sister to her . 
i like the watch but i think it looks huge on you . 	yeah my wrist is a little bit on a smaller side . still a lovely watch though . 
i think this every time i see those things at festivals . they sometimes just let you hand over te drugs if they find it on you . i can imagine the same happens . 	to be fair , it was a tiny festival so all we got was a few grams of coke and some ketamine . events with proper security generally destroy all the drugs afterwards . 
they have these at a festival i work at , on sunday the steward get to open the box and take it . last time i was there , i sniffed coke with the head of security ! 	i think this every time i see those things at festivals . they sometimes just let you hand over te drugs if they find it on you . i can imagine the same happens . 
since marijuana is legal in colorado , are n't they simply garbage cans ? 	in a sense , but the shit l article says they do n't want people throwing it in the trash because that would have people digging through the trash . 
so instead put it in a box with a big green label on it . 	yes , a big green heavy metal box with a lock in an area with a lot of cameras and police . 
and call the cops and tell them what exactly ? that there is a person in possession of a legal substance ? what are the cops going to do to you for possessing marijuana in colorado ? 	federal agents do n't care about colorado law . 
since marijuana is legal in colorado , are n't they simply garbage cans ? 	i think it 's for people leaving to places with non - legalized weed . 
since marijuana is legal in colorado , are n't they simply garbage cans ? 	i 'm stating the obvious here , but the assumption is that passengers will be flying somewhere that weed is n't legal . 
in a sense , but the shit l article says they do n't want people throwing it in the trash because that would have people digging through the trash . 	but . now they 'll have people just reaching in to a box . no digging or sorting required now ! yay ! 
i 'm already at a computer and was n't going to post that comment but now i feel left out . 	i stumbled across this while browsing reddit at lunch at work , and am now posting this .  edit now i edited it 
they have these at a festival i work at , on sunday the steward get to open the box and take it . last time i was there , i sniffed coke with the head of security ! 	do n't blow it for everyone . 
i wouldnt say its as bad as smoking paper , i mean its a plant with its own chemical dna vs paper with an artificial chemical buildup . one burns much more harsh for your lungs . just sayin 	yes you 're right . but you get my point . 
try smoking less , just kinda get a buzz . do n't be afraid to take smaller hits than your friends . 	i replied to the other comment with more details . it 's very possible i smoked way too much , because i have little knowledge of weed . 
i 'm stating the obvious here , but the assumption is that you did n't read the article . the reason for a need to dispose of weed before boarding an aircraft is addressed therein . 	geez reverend , want some pepper with all that salt ? 
sorry to hear that . but hey , if you decide to settle down somewhere , finland is a pretty nice place and we need workforce . come here , it 's fun : d  well , cold and dark , but kinda fun . 	haha how expensive is it to live there ? i 'm still 17 d : 
why are you sexist ? 	sexism is when you discriminate because of sex . this question is just a stereotype 
i 'm not trolling . it 's true . sexism is n't stereotyping . now do is all a favor and quit being stupid 	buddy , i 'm not paying you for this troll . i did n't order it . 
been le for the past couple of weeks , i play 2 - 3 matches daily at least and i have yet to see a single cheater , honestly .  edit : eu west here too . 	me neither . people accuse me and my crew of cheating because of the rank displacement created from all the banned cheaters . 
been le for the past couple of weeks , i play 2 - 3 matches daily at least and i have yet to see a single cheater , honestly .  edit : eu west here too . 	i occasionally get a hacker but i 've mostly been getting legit games . 
except for lol and dota 2 . 	would love a link to any professional game where a hack was banned for hacking . 
increase the price of the game , problem solved . 	yeah because people paying for hacks arent gunna pay for the game ? 
mge is fairly bearable , dmg and eagle and upwards becomes a total shithole , is what i meant . as the ranks increase , the amount of cheaters increases too . 	been le for the past couple of weeks , i play 2 - 3 matches daily at least and i have yet to see a single cheater , honestly .  edit : eu west here too . 
is it really though ? i never get in games with actual hackers . it 's very rare . people just complain when people are better than them . 	you are new . you are gold nova 2 . you do n't see them that often , but higher ranks are really strong infected . 
is it really though ? i never get in games with actual hackers . it 's very rare . people just complain when people are better than them . 	you may just be lucky , i played a game against a guy with a trigger bot last night . 
increase the price of the game , problem solved . 	increasing the price is dumb . there are more people buying the game for legit reasons than there are hackers . increasing the price will turn away buyers and will keep the hackers coming in . 
well what is already on the car for starters ? is it stock ? completely and utterly stock ? or modded ? 	supposedly there 's only a heat shield for the turbo put on by cobb when the guy i bought it from got it tuned . 
it . is . awesome .  stringy , but very tasty . 	just have to stew it awhile . makes great curry . 
it does seem weird to say the following :  i eat cow .  i eat pig .  i eat sheep . 	i have pet beef . 
note that my comment is 3 hours old .  i was excited to read people 's reactions then , and i could n't find a peep about it on all of reddit . 	so ? it was n't something people were going to watch live or care about in the moment . pretty much the only things that get on the front page as they happen are sporting events . 
what do you call it when bernie sanders proposes a bill to make college free ? 	proposed legislation .   
then congress will just write a new bill to do it , just with a few extra things to slide it by paul . 	in todays congress , that sounds like progress 
seriously ? i mean , there 's so many good choices for a filibuster . 1984 and brave new world would top my list in this instance . 	i 'd read youtube comment sections or bm from pro esports players . 
wait if he is too old to filibuster for 6 hours , how the fuck is he going to be fit enough to be president of the us for 4 years ? 	did n't sanders filibuster for like 30 straight hours just a few years ago ? 
that 's the main mechanism for change for most politicians . it is the power they wield . 	and that 's why we are where we are . no one would care about money in politics otherwise . 
if i ever had the chance to filibuster , i would read the twilight book series . 	seriously ? i mean , there 's so many good choices for a filibuster . 1984 and brave new world would top my list in this instance . 
in what book is rand paul a good politician then ? 	i could give you plenty , but you 'd just eat the covers . 
if i ever had the chance to filibuster , i would read the twilight book series . 	im a harry potter guy myself . 
get your butt ready for hurt . 	my anus is never ready for american presidential elections . 
bernie did this for the bush tax cuts in 2010 . 	ha tax cuts vs actual government spying program . 
if bernie sanders did that , he would lose almost all of his supporters after he revealed himself as a fraud for abandoning his platform in such a drastic , stupid way 	it is about compromise to have the better candidate win . that is what the government should be doing all the time in a general sense . instead we live in partisan la la land . 
how to win friends and influence liberals :  chapter one -  call people names .  the end 	isi n't this what fox news and quite a few members of congress has been doing for 7 years with obama ? 
thanks . just tuned in .  could you imagine a paul vs sanders ticket ? now that would be a damn good election . 	that would be my dream . 
it existed . but only in the past . only ever in the past . 	and one day in the future . 
i could very well be in the minority here , but i do n't know anything about what my state government is doing . 	would n't hurt to look into it , read the house and senate notes for your state , and pay more attention to local news . 
rand paul would be the king of reddit if he had a d after his name . this man loves america and really wants to get it right . 	he might love america , but he sure does n't love american 's well , at least the women , and the gays and the blacks anyways 
do n't quote me , but if you stray from the topic at hand 3 times you have to stop . might be 2 times , but you get my point 	no , in a filibuster they can read the phone book if they want . really long ones degrade into all kinds of drivel . 
not that crazy when looking at percentages , but that 's a lot cash . almost none of that could fund a shot load of people 	the guy was saying that fox did n't like rand because he was somehow against military spending . 
wait if he is too old to filibuster for 6 hours , how the fuck is he going to be fit enough to be president of the us for 4 years ? 	being president is n't an act of physical stamina like standing at a podium for 6 - 32 hours is . presidents get to sit down , and they can give shorter speeches since they do n't filibuster . 
i agree that it 's distasteful , but who 's to say what is distasteful and what is not ? why is nothing done about the sexist and discriminatory policies of night clubs ? 	because people accept them . 
how to win friends and influence liberals :  chapter one -  call people names .  the end 	in what book is rand paul a good politician then ? 
rand paul would be the king of reddit if he had a d after his name . this man loves america and really wants to get it right . 	pretty sure reddit would n't like the fact that rand paul opposes net neutrality , would allow discrimination against gay people , and does n't support reproductive choice . 
so rand and ron paul are n't liberals ? why is that a shock to you ? 	because some people around here treat them like they 're genuine progressive libertarians . 
til that neither reddit nor time magazine knows what a filibuster is .  edit : at least time noted that it might not actually be a filibuster . 	but hey , why read the article when you like the sound of the headline ? 
i seem to recall rand was anti - net neutrality as well but perhaps my memory is just fuzzy on that . 	well i was against the fcc 's rules imposed on the internet . remember when they were to only regulate wattage but ended up telling tv abd radio what they can and ca n't say ? 
rand paul wants to increase the military budget by 76 billion dollars . 	not that crazy when looking at percentages , but that 's a lot cash . almost none of that could fund a shot load of people 
i guess the question then is , why is it okay to bend the rules for sanders , but not paul ? the selective enforcement is confusing and off - putting . 	where is paul 's account we would love him to participate and would bend the rules for him like we do all politicians . 
if i ever had the chance to filibuster , i would read the twilight book series . 	throw in the a song of ice and fire series and you 'll be shocking the senate floor . good stuff . 
at least i can control my anger , unlike you who clearly has some latent issues , based on your completely needless aggression toward strangers . 	now i 'm aggressive . lol grow some balls and take a joke . 
30 shades of grey would also be a good option . 	is that the discount low color resolution model ? 
i could very well be in the minority here , but i do n't know anything about what my state government is doing . 	that 's the fault of one person and one person only . 
thanks . just tuned in .  could you imagine a paul vs sanders ticket ? now that would be a damn good election . 	and then have rand paul as president or bernie sanders as president and the loss becomes vice president . perfect . 
if i ever had the chance to filibuster , i would read the twilight book series . 	30 shades of grey would also be a good option . 
i do n't give a shit . 	a socialist who does n't care about what other people think ? but then i repeat myself . 
well bernie is a freaking communist who wants more government at all costs , so that would explain that . 	democratic socialist . he says it all the the time . definitely not a communist though . 
regardless of party affiliation i 'll give anybody a high - five who stands up for this particular issue 	hit me , up top ! 
your comment absolutely proves you know absolutely nothing about what your talking about . sanders voted against the patriot act and still to this day speaks out against it . 	you did n't respond to a word he said . 
currently nothing about this on fox news . actually , only one current story about rand and it 's a negative one . 	not a peep so far on abc news either . looks like we got a main stream media blackout going on again . they want patriot act to be renewed quietly and then it 'll be business as usual . 
correct me if i 'm wrong , but once a filibuster starts , it goes until the guy doing it decides to stop . they ca n't stop someone from asking questions that take a long time . 	they can end a filibuster if they gather 60 votes . 
you 're saying this as if hillary is n't receiving significant funds from the defense industry . 	the other guy running does n't get any defense blood money . but if i mention his name it 's le circlejerk . 
except they have n't . you not listening to them is a different thing completely . 	can you name some names ? point to some talk ? 
rand paul would be the king of reddit if he had a d after his name . this man loves america and really wants to get it right . 	i tend towards dems , but rand is an interesting possibility . i 've been keeping an eye on him and have n't excluded the possibility of voting for him . 
is n't congress horrible enough ? 	twilight ? still a better government than congress . 
they did the same to his dad 4 and 8 years ago , when reddit was largely pro - ron paul 	i remember those reddit days . back when it was mostly diy 'ers and generally intelligent people looking for solutions not upvotes . 
i remember those reddit days . back when it was mostly diy 'ers and generally intelligent people looking for solutions not upvotes . 	6 year club here . me too . those were the days . 
i think you want balanced and easy to digest food , not necessarily a tasty one . 	you definitely want tasty food . it has to be nutritious of course , but if it is tasty the riders will actually eat it , and enough of it . 
thank god i was there live , the girlfriend shit would have driven me nuts . 	the wag stuff is n't new . watch the 1982 finish sometime . 
there are only 5 teams who ever make top 4 , it 's not witchcraft . 	arranging 5 pieces into a specific row with 4 places can be done a 120 different ways . this is obviously witchcraft . 
how can you call yourself a premier league pundit when you predict man united to win the league . 	thought he was a property expert now . 
how can you call yourself a premier league pundit when you predict man united to win the league . 	it was made on the provision that man u would make some big signings , though it was still a bit weird . 
how can you call yourself a premier league pundit when you predict man united to win the league . 	that 's the job description for a pundit . 
where you at ? i 've had one that i dont want but figured shipping would be pricey . i 'm in ca . 	az . cl is pretty much my only option lol 
the parallels are pretty hilarious . a military leader , a female doctor , and an engineer . 	and a big boss whose cunning saved the world . 
i have no idea waht youre talking about . 	i was about to explain it to you , then it hit me . you played me . 
if you look at how it increases it goes up by increments of 100 but decreases by increments of 1 , almost like small amounts of people are being killed off . 	that is an excellent point . good eyes ! 
my question is , and i know this is really reaching , but do you think the hexes on the main page and in the downloadable pamphlet could point to a hex based movement system rather than a grid ? 	i doubt they 're hinting at any gameplay elements at the moment . 
in all fairness , that 's part of lw and not canon . 	bradford has a line where he says to tell the troops to stop bringing back alien body parts as trophies . 
any significance to the population number at the bottom of the page ? it resets to the original number every time , so it is n't ticking up unfortunately . 	if you look at how it increases it goes up by increments of 100 but decreases by increments of 1 , almost like small amounts of people are being killed off . 
yeah it does n't . a turn probably is about 5 - 6 seconds though if i had to guess . 	my head cannon is the same time as a dnd turn , so five seconds . 
would you rather just ignore the consoles , or have them die out and their users convert to pc ? 	that sounds even worse . the console serve a purpose . 
it also ignores the fact that for the basic needs that many console owners have , the consoles actually do a better job then a pc . 	that 's like saying a ten year old budget car does better for the needs of a poor person than a lamborghini . no , it 's cheaper and simpler , but not better . 
my god the textures ! 	kind of looks like they have gone backwards a generation or two in terms of it all . 
funniest thing is higby mentions creating the ps4 version helped fix pc controls , when with the ps4 release the pc controls got completely fucked by the new physics . 	still are . rip the air game 
this must surely be a joke . do people actually game like that ? 	if you play competitively , yes . low graphics for the highest of frame rate 
yay , stupid light effects ! and still crap textures hidden behind motion blur . 	i 'm not even sure why the textures are so bad . i do n't remember them looking that horrible on pc , and the ps4 has enough memory to run them higher than that . 
peasants do n't type , silly . 	they do , it just takes a really long time . 
when did steam give away a free game ? ea keeps giving away my childhood anymore , makes me laugh a bit seeing a game i used to think was so advanced at the time . 	they 've given away red orchestra 2 , left 4 dead 2 , and sniper elite 2 , probably more that i do n't know of . 
game runs like a charm for me . and i have lower specs than yours . 	yeah i 'm running and i5 and a 770 and i 'm no longer cpu bound and my framerate has jumped a lot since i started playing . 
how does convert them relate to age of empires ?  i never played it when i was younger , since i did n't have a computer to play it . 	there is a priest unit that can convert an enemy unit to your team . 
game runs like a charm for me . and i have lower specs than yours . 	can i see infantry past 300m yet ? 
i mean holy shit , greenlight is supposed to filter that kind of crap out 	but people treat it as a joke because basically valve do n't give a shit about it . just like everything else valve does . 
what if its from space ? 	thats a marvel character damn it ! i dont want to be sued . 
gg , sony .  edit : ok , it 's daybreak games , i get it . 	fyi , sony online entertainment is no longer part of sony and now called daybreak games . 
it does n't really look like that , that 's a screenshot immediately after spawning into the area for the first time . it runs on ultra as the ps2 devs have clearly stated . 	it does n't . the shadows on the ps4 version look like the pc shadows on low . 
oh come on now , the game does n't look that bad . 	i thought it looked terrible based on what i 'm used to seeing playing that game 
it 's about ethics in game journalism . 	it always has been .  anyone who tells you otherwise probably has a pretty sweet deal on gently - used bridges . 
if you own a company , my suggestion is to never allow this man to be the leader or main director of anything .  the amount of things he and his team managed to mess up in ps2 is biblical . 	bingo . him and his balance decisions are the sole reason me and my group of friends quit . if only hed resigned a couple of years earlier we could have saved the game . 
yay , stupid light effects ! and still crap textures hidden behind motion blur . 	shhhh , if we cover half the screen with a blurry gun , maybe they wo n't notice that it looks like shit . 
well going by that rule , i just slaughtered a few peasants and roasted them .  could n't get the hang of sucking the meat off the bones though . 	mmm roasted peasant . long pig is a delicacy . 
s pen features , one handed stuff , and fingerprint lock are mostly what i use . 	those all will work ! honestly nothing 's different , except for a lot of lag being gone . 
i 'd rather actually keep touchwiz . which model of note 4 do you have ? 	t - mobile . i kept touchwiz , i 'm running the pop rocks rom . 
or maybe it 's people downvoting other people for not sharing their blind love of anyone who dares defy the government . 	either way , there 's definitely a lot of people being downvoted for saying they would n't throw snowden down the deep dark hole of the justice system . 
there is n't a witcher 3 wild hunt file inside my downloads . there used to be but its gone 	tried downloading it again ?  if that does n't work , then i do n't know what does . 
qld needs to learn that while attack is the best form of defense , it is not the only form of defense .  i wish that qld 's defense was half as good as nsw 's 	i wish our attack was half as good as queensland 's , so there you go .  maybe we should swap halves 
they had no idea it was there ; along with the old photographs and assorted other things found along with it . apparently it 's been a huge conversation piece since we gave it to them . 	top notch move ! 
so its working now , yeah a cast always requires a reference , usually not self otherwise there is no reason to cast , you can get by without casting . 	yea , i got in the habit of casting when i was doing random selection among players in my gamemode bp . in some further testing i found that i did n't need the cast in the player bp after all . 
i do n't know about anyone else , but i 'd probably just break off that bit .  i mean , the bee sacrificed itself for that chocolate . 	that 's so fucking metal . 
i do n't know about anyone else , but i 'd probably just break off that bit .  i mean , the bee sacrificed itself for that chocolate . 	wasp , but yeah , i thought it looked pretty cool . 
lakers . although they are really bad now i trust mitch to get them back into contention . prime time lakers make basketball more interesting to the world , 	speak for yourself . i like teams like golden state and houston being on the rise and the lakers sitting at the bottom of the conference . 
players care about the team , not the market . 	depends on the player . i do n't know how you can argue that for carmelo . unless he seriously thought phil jackson could tip the scales that much . 
speak for yourself . i like teams like golden state and houston being on the rise and the lakers sitting at the bottom of the conference . 	no sane person would pick houston over la . the bay area is nice tho 
smartphones . seriously , almost everyone has one now but 20 years ago , they would have been magic . 	dude , and thinking about the amount of power that they have compared to tech in the 90 's 
good job budgeting . although the only thing i 'd decrease is your phone bill . 	i know . i ca n't wait until ting starts accepting t mobile phones . 
hey , i have an egg matching your tsv . it seems you 're still active , could you hatch this for me ? message back so we can set stuff up .  thx . 	of course ! i 'll be available within my normal times . why do people keep mentioning active ? is this sub becoming a graveyard ? 
on now . roommate hijacked my ds just so he could street pass himself . 	almost finished with other hatching .  will request trade once i get it back . 
thank you so much , hope dinner was good : p 	no problem and it was : 3 
hey i need u2 hatch an egg for me . im available all today . im est . 	i 'm online right now , let me add you and just send me a trade request whenever you 're ready 
looks like we 'll probably miss each other today ; i wo n't be on for another 10 due to class and work 	well i 'm online now and will be for some hours , when you are online let me know and maybe i 'm still here 
to try and get it to the size of a dime ? a lit of work to earn . 05 ! but it would double your money 	it 's easier to shave down a penny . we did it when i was a kid . worked great in machines then . do n't know about today 's machines . 
it 's easier to shave down a penny . we did it when i was a kid . worked great in machines then . do n't know about today 's machines . 	in college i know people that would shave down pennies to put in parking meters . to me it seemed like an awful lot of trouble to save 9 cents 
is it a dual coil ? one of those should come out at about 1 . 2 ohms , if it 's dual coil and both are identical it should justify the 0 . 6 ohms . 	nope just a lame little single coil ! 
this is basically just posting about a new lighter , not really relevant is it 	i thought the relevance would be implied by posting this to trees . i 'm sorry you did n't get it . 
why do you turn down all the settings ? 	i turned down the graphics quality and put the texture quality on ultra , the game runs really weird on my system otherwise for some reason . 
i 'm new to the game , but all these thrall videos sure make me want to play thrall .  i enjoy playing arthas - how does he compare ? 	thrall is op as blizzard is following the typical release strategy of getting everyone to buy op heroes on release then slowly nerfing them over multiple patches . 
if you 're cool with the fact that he 's gonna get nerfed to shit anytime soon seeing he 's clearly too op right now , go for it he 's fun 	what 's op about arthas ? i 'm a new player and have played him a couple of times during free rotation , but i 've yet to see anyone do anything special with him other than be a bit tanky . 
i 'm new to the game , but all these thrall videos sure make me want to play thrall .  i enjoy playing arthas - how does he compare ? 	if you 're cool with the fact that he 's gonna get nerfed to shit anytime soon seeing he 's clearly too op right now , go for it he 's fun 
get rid of reggie white and use those coins to upgrade at wr , ol , hb and cb 	i would except reggie was the free one that came with the game so i ca n't sell him . 
thanks , does it force me to run all my games from rift or can i choose ? 	any game you want to use with the rift you should run the direct to rift exe though it . if you 're not running in the rift it 's going to be a separate exe file . 
my cat licks me three times and then bites . then he will lick you three more times and bite . this can go on for thirty minutes of you let him . i choose to believe it 's a sign of love . 	he is sampling your blood for a possible transfusion with his dead mouse . 
is your dog a middle schooler ? 	he 's one and a half , so is probably on a similar mental level as one 
he is more of a 4 - 3 dt , but he is a big boy . i would n't be surprised if he was a good nt 	denver ran a 3 - 4 like us 
i struggle to think of any situation where a march is more beneficial than a vassal . those bonuses for being a march are easily overtaken by just feeding your vassal more land . 	until 1 . 10 comes out and vassals can rebel against you where marches are a lot less likely 
these three little dots make me think you 're being sarcastic : p 	no , just a habit i have . great flying . 
thanks so much ! are you free now ? 	sorry for the super late reply . i 'm free to trade between now and 12 : 30pm cst 
be straightforward . girls want to be asked out on dates and you want to ask her out . 	girls are impressed when guys take the initiative . a girl might go out once with a guy she does n't even like if he asks , because , hey , at least he asked . being desired is complimentary . 
love that park , if you see a ginger there next time , it 's most likely me , i 'll have the soul stealer patch  	haha cool i 'll look out for you next time haha 
what ? there 's always at least 5 big guys at every field i 've ever played on . 	yea , but there usually grown men who are built . these two kids look like they would hide behind a tree the whole game and then compare the events of said game to call of duty . disgusting . 
prince 's hamburgers . i 've only been to the one off of i - 10 and it had that vintage style . i assume the others are like that . 	i second prince 's . i grew up going there and was confused when somebody first got me a hamburger at mcdonald 's . 
i think science is real enough , just boring as hell . 	heresy ! 
hey dude have n't seen you on steam for a while : d 	yeah sorry about that man , things have been hectic and busy the past two weeks , finally settling down . i 'll probably be playing games today or tomorrow . 
soft strap . does it require washing ? i know the garmin soft straps suggest washing every 7 uses . if you do n't , the data gets thrown off . 	lol is that why ? i thought it was a just gentle reminder to wash it to prevent bacterial growth . 
ca n't redeem and how many scrap codes can you offer 	2 is what you did on last deal ? i could live with that 
do you work with small children or something ?  dear god , i ca n't imagine anyone being so forward so as to actually fiddle with my stuff while i 'm not there . 	nope . adults . sad 
tack the charges onto her bill .  or slash her tires . whatever . 	lol that would cause a car insurance claim , and i am her agent . i do n't want a loss , or arrest in my record lol 
this is why i can never be a school teacher . patience is not my strong suit . 	i doubt i 'd punch a child , but fuck me i 'd walk out .  edit : after picking up all my stuff . 
was your client a gorilla ? or a small child ? 	full grown adult . with no hygiene or manners 
sadly she does n't have a pot to piss in , and she would n't see the need . she is dirty , smelly , and has no teeth , i doubt she takes care of herself enough let alone worry about other people 	jeez . sorry man . kudos on keeping your cool . i hope she at least had the decency to apologize . 
i am the last person to defend ea on anything , but those are not the final textures or lighting systems . 	okay , for the better ! i was a bit dissapointed ! 
not sure , maybe in a unstable beta like bf4 's or like the previous beta ,  but at this point it 's more like a demo with some possible balance tweaks . 	i am the last person to defend ea on anything , but those are not the final textures or lighting systems . 
shut up , q . 	lol but really , this is whack as fuck 
how about something mildly song of ice and fire - related , since this is a reference to it 	ding ding ding . 
i love the quiet and peace that comes from being alone in the middle of the night . i 'm not ready for tomorrow to begin . 	i can relate . i sometimes drive to the river and lay down to stare at the night sky and enjoy the silence and atmosphere . 
i usually do n't get off until midnight and have a half an hour commute home . i know that feeling ! 	i 'm 7 to 7 on both shifts . getting off work at 12am sucks because hardly anything is open and nobody at home is awake when you are off . get taco bell and stare at the sofa . 
the fact that i 'd be fired if i fell asleep 	it 's cool , i 'll keep a lookout . just take a snooze real quick ! 
the fact that i ca n't sleep in the day . 	never taken a nap ? 
i noticed that too . that part of izzy 's speech at the academy just felt off . 	yeah , the characters were just a bit off i agree . 
how small is small ? i never seen many being a dude . 	it was sort if like sucking on a thumb . 
that does n't sound like something an outlier would say . 	upvoted for accuracy , a laugh and clever . 
i 'm gonna give it a shot , but how do i play ? the place a bet page looks a little different then this guide . 	each arena is different pirates . select the pirates as the bet show above per bet .  there are 10 bets total . 
of course , but it was a nice nod and clever touch . 	yep . it took me a while to realise why it felt so familiar , but i think it was meant to be the same place as well . almost a shot for shot remake . 
i got confused . i was thinking of lucille ball .   	can an 11 year old even kill an adult by swinging a music box ? 
tom cruise . 	cat . 
forgot to add too that the pop - up reply is n't just the single message but the entire thread which i love . 	that does sound handy . 
what does it do that hangouts does n't ? anything cool ? 	forgot to add too that the pop - up reply is n't just the single message but the entire thread which i love . 
i will pray the owner of the 1st home is sued by the owner of the 2nd home . 	i get the impression whoever lives in the first home does n't have much in the way of assets . 
i feel like these are the beginning of a criminal minds episode . 	csi had the miniature killer a few years back . he would create miniature versions of the crime scenes where he had killed people . 
i wish they would do halo wars . i love playing the multiplayer every now and than but it 's pretty dead . gwg would bring a lot of new people . at least for a little while . 	or even better , release it for pc . that game would actually have a following . 
or even better , release it for pc . that game would actually have a following . 	doubt that would happen considering the company who made it does n't exist anymore . plus it would need some heavy changes because it 's so console friendly . 
that 's how i feel . i hate your team , but i 'll defend flacco anyday . i guess there 's no reason to hate if they are n't good . definitely showed us a thing or two this year . 	you 're like my favorite steelers fan now 
that 's how i feel . i hate your team , but i 'll defend flacco anyday . i guess there 's no reason to hate if they are n't good . definitely showed us a thing or two this year . 	healthy steelers fan , i salute thee . 
that actually sounds great . it 's a deal . do you want to exchange phone numbers to make things easier while we 're down there ? 	yeah sure . pm me your number 
this is likely a venn diagram issue and not a trade value issue . everyone i know that got rp also got veritas . 	yeah . i kinda figured that . keeping my fingers crossed tho 
let 's not be rude 	good shit , mod . 
ok . i 'm not familiar with the water tables there . 	think pool water with a little dirt flavor for accent . 
do you wash your clothes in pure hot water ? warm is the max i wash my clothes with . i 'm looking at installing a water softener and running a cold line from it to my washer for that reason . 	only certain things get the full hot treatment . whites mostly , dirty socks , etc .  the rest will get the partially soft treatment .   
that will work for all of 18 seconds in my house . hard water 's a bitch 	i actually like hard water . the feel of it . soft water just doesnt feel right . it feels like it doesnt rly take everything off . 
i feel so lost in this thread . what the fuck is hard and soft water ? 	hard water is ice . 
i feel so lost in this thread . what the fuck is hard and soft water ? 	another tidbit : hard water feels like it strips soap etc off your hands much quicker than soft water , which can leave your hands feeling slippery for longer while you rinse soap off your hands . 
i actually like hard water . the feel of it . soft water just doesnt feel right . it feels like it doesnt rly take everything off . 	it 's the other way around for me . i just feel cleaner if i shower in soft water , may be it solves better , may be it 's something else or maybe it 's in my head . 
can you taste it ? the salt that is ? 	i 've personally never noticed it at my in - laws , tastes nice and clean . major difference is the slick texture of it , almost like faint liquid soap residue or a base . kind of weird . 
why not just eat a human ? its already got salt in it . 	all the salt and water you could ever need ! 
that effect is only visible when viewed through a camera with the frame rate synced up to the frequency of the sound . the water does not spiral like that in real life . 	do we see with a defined framerate ? if we do , this would work at that frequency . 
it is supposed to be powered by the water . note that this is a concept design and it has n't been built . it might not work as well in real life . 	so this was created by an artist and not an engineer ?  i hope it does work , it would make a good mother 's day gift . 
sorry guys but water does not act anything like that . 	the water is just falling down due to gravity , the head of the faucet is spinning as the water comes out . 
i actually like hard water . the feel of it . soft water just doesnt feel right . it feels like it doesnt rly take everything off . 	that 's funny , because the reason hard water makes your skin feel that way is because it leaves behind soap scum on your skin . 
what is hard water ? i 've never heard of this . 	it 's not a real problem for people who get water from a facility . for those with wells it is a problem . 
is the rotation powered by the water or by an electrical component ? 	it is supposed to be powered by the water . note that this is a concept design and it has n't been built . it might not work as well in real life . 
whenever i take a shower in soft water , it always feels like i ca n't wash off all of the soap 	this . i step out of the shower and it still feels like i 've got a shit ton of conditioner in my hair that i did n't rinse out . plus , it leaves my skin all dry and gross . 
fancy imported , gluten free , low carb , vegan salt 	and low sodium . it 's gotta be healthy ! 
a long time ago . yes . 	but somehow still in the future . 
yeah pretty much . why would n't you want to pair goldy and stanton ? and still have a first rounder .  edit : no chance you get somebody better than stanton at 11 either . 	this guys is absolutely right . you 'll kick yourself at the end of the year when you realize you would 've had 2 of the top 5 overall fantasy players and still kept your first round pick . 
are the prices higher there ? 	i think its standard european price , but our income is much lower than standard euro income . 
cool . i 'll see you in 2025 after we go through 5 coaches and finally land on a good one . 	hey , maybe you can be a cavs fan in the meantime . that 's what loser fairweather fans do . 
captain falcon for meta knight ? 	i would if you can add a common or something . if it 's too much to ask i understand . 
in australia university lectures are public goods , anyone can stop in and listen to any lectures if they want . not sure how it works in america . 	so you only pay to have the degree ? 
relevant username . if anyone would know about the end of the world , it 's this guy . 	hahaha that makes my day that you get it . nobody ever knows that part of the lore . 
it 's almost like we know neither the day nor the hour or something . 	he did leave minute and second wide open , though ! 
so , i have n't necessarily looked into this new drama , but is iu 's role a main one , or is she like a side character ?   	second female lead i believe so she will probably have a love line as the side character . 
that 's ironic because the most wise wax philosophy is to keep heat away from it . 	icarus knows a thing or two about this . 
pee on all of the other ladies . while making eye contact . you gotta assert your dominance . do n't be so beta , bro . 	did n't work . 
you forgot to post in trolly again . i know you 've got a bunch of screens on the battlestation , but try to keep it all straight . 	what the fuck ? 
okay so about the golden roses ? and how much for the bridal veil ? 	give me a moment to load my cycle town and count them haha . i 'm looking for like 50k for the bridal veil if that 's alright 
give me a moment to load my cycle town and count them haha . i 'm looking for like 50k for the bridal veil if that 's alright 	50k sounds okay ! and how much for each golden ? 
a jew is someone who follows judaism . a jew can be born anywhere , same goes for muslims , christians etc . 	do n't fucking tell that to jerusalem jews . they stone other practicing jews that are n't full on orthodox 
always a good feeling to know you 're back home .   	it 's a great thing 
i 've lived in texas my whole life , can somebody tell me why it 's so different from other states ? 	texas was once it 's own country . 
i live in dallas and i am so very thankful that i get the opportunity to escape to the country every now and then .  my favorite place is hamilton , tx . it 's home away from home : d 	some of my ancestors lived in hamilton , texas . good hardy stock . 
if they mentioned houston it would make the other two cities look bad . 	we can look bad , but at least we do n't look ugly . 
oh i know , no offense . it 's just that i 'm at an age where my money needs to go to other stuff now . 	i feel ya . i too have a life outside clubs . but i do have money to blow on occasion , and sometimes i just really want a beer and steak . 
san antonio and el paso are pretty dope too . 	san antonio and el paso sell dope too . 
austin fucking sucks . but the rest of the cities in texas are cool . got much love for san antonio and im from the northeast ! 	bro chill out . be texan . 
i 've lived in texas my whole life , can somebody tell me why it 's so different from other states ? 	something about texas pride . the state flag . our history . the name and shape is recognized world wide . nobody asked where is texas . down front and center . 
oh yeah , the g and c trains are pretty much the worst . 	the other day they had the f running on the g line . it was like it was my birthday and the future both . 
you can have them for free ; i just want to get rid of the lot . i wo n't be around for another 2 hours . i 'll let you know when i 'm back if that 's ok with you . 	sure , that 's fine . thanks a bunch ! 
phoebe would definitely be david . i almost feel like they 're better together than mike and phoebe . 	i do n't know how well david fit in with the others though . 
nah , i just listened to the first 3 seconds of wesley 's theory and i 've decided that its the best album in the history of music , this is the climax , it 's all downhill from here . 	rip hip - hop 
it 's better than gkmc , and that got a 9 . 5 from them 	better than gkmc ? youre trippin bruh . this album is good but its not even close to gkmc 
god damnit . this album is making me emotional as fuck and im getting all upset over opinions but can you legitimately leave this thread ? 	you probably shouldnt be so soft son . 
it 's almost as if some people might know the kind of music they want to hear and are allowed to call it a favorite because it gives that to them . but that ca n't be it , right ? 	yeah i agree except that 's not the point and i actually think that album could be a classic 
hood politics samples sufjan stevens , pretty cool . 	stupid question but when ? i hope it 's the intro part because that 's smooth as fuck . 
am i the only one who did n't think this was even close to the best song ? 	yeah i actually thought it was one of the weaker songs , not because it 's bad but i liked the other tracks a lot more 
i 'm gonna take the stance that cheeseburger with egg is just plain morally wrong . 	dude you 've never had one then huh ?  it 's like breakfast fucked lunch , what 's not to love ? 
amazing , institutionalized is getting no love in this thread i ca n't stop playing it . good follow - up to king kunta . 	the shit do n't change line is stuck in my head ever since listening to it . 
that 's why that song has been sorts stuck in my head the last few days . 	u ai n't gotta like it cause the hood gone love it 
as in i 'm just not really feeling them , apart from i and king kunta is alright . 	god damnit . this album is making me emotional as fuck and im getting all upset over opinions but can you legitimately leave this thread ? 
as it should be , that track is fucking amazing . 	totally agreed , early favorite from the album , but i have n't given it even a full honest listen yet so i 'm sure it changes haha 
he might mean gkmc . i hope that 's what he meant . 	nah , i just listened to the first 3 seconds of wesley 's theory and i 've decided that its the best album in the history of music , this is the climax , it 's all downhill from here . 
is n't it a given that i 'm just putting my opinion out there ? 	true . sounded like you were stating it as a fact though . 
its a goddamn shame because i legitimately feel that this is one of the greatest albums ive ever heard . not just in hiphop but all time . illmatic , abbey road , the shit is fucking insane 	lol album out for 24 hours only and the goat contest grand jury has spoken already . album could be a classic or not , give it some time edit : was for the dude who you were responding to my bad 
i agree with your opinion but i do n't think this album will see as much widespread praise as gkmc . that will still be referred to as a classic and this wo n't be . 	idk , depending on how his career shapes out i could see all three of his albums being classics , same way kanye 's are . 
how many times have you listened to it ? the songs may sound the same to you , but they are definitely not the same . 	why would i listen to an album that i was hardly even able to finish a first time multiple times ? the songs all sound too similar , he has a nice sound but overused it 
agreed . i have a feeling it got picked because its the closest thing to a banger on the album . i think how much a dollar cost also deserves a nod . 	i 'm pretty sure it got picked because it was actually released as a track . the actual album is n't officially out yet . 
lol album out for 24 hours only and the goat contest grand jury has spoken already . album could be a classic or not , give it some time edit : was for the dude who you were responding to my bad 	it 's almost as if some people might know the kind of music they want to hear and are allowed to call it a favorite because it gives that to them . but that ca n't be it , right ? 
am i the only one that finds this album kind of whack ? kendrick comes through , but the beats are very lacking imo . 	i personally loved it from front to back , listening to it a fourth time right now . but hey everyone has different tastes right ? one mans trash is another mans treasure 
i have a firetv stick . is there a yahoo screen app ? i have not seen one for it and it would be so much easier than hooking up my laptop to the tv . 	i ca n't speak for the fire tv stick , but the apple tv has a yahoo screen app , and it worked really well last night . no signup required , which is nice . 
anyway for us canadians to watch it and still support the show ? 	vpn , turn off ad - block 
unfortunately yahoo screen is n't available on most of those devices . it is on apple tv , but really , apple tv is the red - headed step child of all streaming device . 	i 've never understood the hate for apple tv . i love mine . it 's got a clean interface and a ton of content providers . plus the mirroring with apple devices works great . 
is this a suprise money revenge ? 	i will find you , and i will pay you . 
oddly still wo n't work with powers . 	to watch powers get a free week trial from unblock - us 
it 's a bit different when a stranger comes up to with an address and then says he 's going to kill you . 	look at the guy saying it hes about as scary as marmite . people can find peoples addresses pretty easily 
looks great , but his eyes in the last picture look a little derpy to me . 	i 'm pretty sure the glasses are magnifying it , as his head does n't line up on the rim of the lens on the sides of his head 
that 's beautiful ! great work .  also , what is the wood store if you do n't mind me asking ? 	ty ! exotic woods in burlington . 
you 'll need to expand on that a little as i have no idea which aspect of it is broken for you .  imgur albums and single images load correctly for me as of just now when i tested it . 	imgur . com is loading the desktop site instead of the mobile site in the app as well as only having pictures load halfway or not at all . 
what does valve need to work on more ?  customer service ! 	half - life 3 
fastest way to get your game vc paycheck . 	does n't it really badly affect your team and rep or something ? can you only do it once you 're a well established star ? 
nike backboard 2 , do n't think those are too expensive if you can still find a pair . paid myself 30 bucks in a local shop . 	oh yeah you 're right ! those are the lows . i have a pair of the highs . i call them the poor man 's jordan 1 because they look exactly the same haha 
i dont think even a white dwarf is that small . 	they 're pretty tiny . 
it could be a white dwarf . 	i dont think even a white dwarf is that small . 
what would you say say ss 's destructive capabilities are ? 	planet destruction , if i remember correctly . 
oh government building would be really cool ! : d 	i was thinking about last of us when they are trying to get to the gold dome . would be pretty sweet to have a building like that . thanks for the reply . 
oh ya know . chilling in a government building . the usual . 	ah like everyone in dc then .  yea the meetups are fun , does n't matter if you 're active on okcupid or not . 
bullied a person to the point that he became depressed and acting like it never happened when i met him again . 	that one speaks close to home . i 've been bullied before . did get depressed , but i decided to say fuck it and better myself . 
got holy flash and it evolved today with some nice stats . just dont have a kei : p 	just give it to anyone with a light slot then . 
thi is not my tumblr page . i posted the original page where i got the picture . 	oh ok . i just queef from how slow the reddit is fun app loads tumblr stuff . 
your profile links to nothing , i think you may have written it wrong ? or maybe it is my end ? 	totally my fault . i usually write my steam link myself so i forgot to type one letter . 
i like how you brought 2 stacks of arrows , just in case . 	lol , thats actually some of his stuff in the chest with him . although my load out was n't any better 
how exactly would you be able to pause it if your computer crashed ? 	well if you have a teammate that disconnects you can pause the game yourself . it 's not like the other people will not see you are dc 'd 
but i mean its english . it ai n't korean , ai n't that special 	lol tell an american the difference and see what 's up 
why do people say praise the gaben ? joke ? 	he is the god - emperor of the pc master race . the gaben protects ! 
usually when we had substitutes , our class would have about 5 - 6 new people that day lol 	lol same here . sometimes i would find myself in a classroom with all of my friends who also ditched and it was n't planned lol . 
i agree , i saw this one cop twist this guys arm behind his back and he would n't stop , i can still remember the guys screams , all because he was walking in the hallway without a pass 	seems more than heavy handed . do students have any recourse , or a way to file a complaint ? 
you had an entire hall ? ours is the size of a post - it note . 	oh , we used to dream of having a post - it note . we used to practice inside a wet newspaper in the middle of the road . 
halo 3 , guitar hero , wii sports , and marijuana at a friends 	guitar hero was the shit ! 
bed .  no interesting story , sorry . 	as much as i skipped i only skipped at home once , i did n't even get to sleep or lay on my own bed : l but it was cool watching tv underneath it 
you had an entire hall ? ours is the size of a post - it note . 	the band at my hs had its own building . they were basically a cult . 
haha i was a freshman in high school . i was always a good kid . so the first time i was kind of freaking out . 	same here , i was like omg my mom knows my mom knows , she 's gonna beat my ass , but i did n't get busted til later 
never ditched the whole day but we used to skip class by pulling out a random text book and sit outside a random teachers class like we had work to do . 	did a teacher ever walk out from their class and ask what y 'all were doing ? 
the teachers did n't like it when you did other course work in their class 	yeah they get but hurt and feel like you 're cheating on them 
our band hall is slightly shared with the choir and theater kids , each with their own mini halls , but they know who is really top dog down there . 	haha he 'll yeah that 's the way it was at my school , mess with me and ill knock you out with my sax 
nowhere , because i 'm a fucking square 	your a round square . 
i can honestly say i never skipped school . i never even got out of school by pretending to be sick . 	were you against it ? or strict parents ? 
you should head up to lake george if you 're near upstate ny , there 's a six flags park and 3 arcades . 	i 'd love to , but i 'm about halfway across the country from upstate new york . i live in colorado . 
how was the movie ? 	i liked it . it gets a lot of hate on reddit , but i enjoyed it . 
i hopped on a train and stayed on it until it terminated at the final stop . 	where did you end up ? ha 
i agree with you , i used to love going to the band hall 	our band hall is slightly shared with the choir and theater kids , each with their own mini halls , but they know who is really top dog down there . 
i wish i could 've stayed in my bed most of the times i skipped , the only time i skipped at home was when i hid under the bed : l 	my mom left before i did and i drove so half the time i woke up at about noon by a call from her telling me that i was going nowhere in life .  she was right 
i skipped school once , senior year of high school to go to the beach . it was a beautiful day , i regret nothing . 	sometimes there are just those days where it could be a crime not to skip out to the beach . 
i just do mine in the class before , why leave ?   	the teachers did n't like it when you did other course work in their class 
i ca n't skip school because the school will phone home if you are n't there and then things smell fishy 	i put my own number where they ask for your parents number and had a friend who is good at writing fake the signature . 
it 's about 15 minutes to the beach and about an hour to the nearest ski resort . it 's great . 	neat haha i live in canada , i guess my area has both too but the beach is more like an icy lake with sand . 
i liked it . it gets a lot of hate on reddit , but i enjoyed it . 	it may have been had in hindsight , but hearing that fanfare and watching the crawl start on the big screen is like nothing else i 've ever experienced in a movie theatre . 
to my friends house .  we then went into the desert and dropped acid . 	how did your trip go ? 
never ditched the whole day but we used to skip class by pulling out a random text book and sit outside a random teachers class like we had work to do . 	ha yeah i used to bunk off school by going to the library and reading up all the topics i was meant to be studying ! i sure showed that teacher ! 
yeah you probably have . i did n't play in many practices because i left mid - season of my freshman year . 	pretty cool that you were on the team though . 
breaking news from 19 months ago ? 	it 's relevant to recent discussions about the right to discriminate . 
supporters of anti - discrimination laws believe it should be legal to discriminate based on a choice of the recipient of discrimination . 	you mean like the laws making christians a protected class ? 
it is strange how the eu can be so progressive on some things and so backwards on others . 	what would you consider it exceptionally backward on ? 
where 's your license fee contribution ! 	i would pay it if it meant getting access . 
the eu law specifically states that the requirement for refund does n't count if the user agrees that it does n't .  other parts of the eula wo n't hold up . 	ok , that makes a little more sense . but that also means the law was intentionally written to be completely ineffective . 
i 'm not your pal , friend . 	i 'm not your friend , amigo . 
if we leave the eu that would become immensely more difficult . 	then move now . 
i 'm not your buddy , guy . 	im not your guy , pal . 
just make sure you have a good meal before the show ! 	i think i 'll get me a nice steak 
im not your guy , pal . 	i 'm not your pal , friend . 
if a channel is buying the rights for a certain bbc show in their country , they are n't paying to have the show made , it 's already fucking made 	you do n't think they buy rights to future seasons ? or that the bbc factors in this revenue when making a decision to produce new seasons or shows ? 
what are the issues with twitch . tv that german users have ? i see a lot of germans on twitch . i had no idea there are any kind issues . 	there are no problems regarding twitch . source : am german . 
if a channel is buying the rights for a certain bbc show in their country , they are n't paying to have the show made , it 's already fucking made 	are you deliberately being obtuse ? they 're paying money , which is used for funding other bbc projects . 
finally i can watch top gear on bbc 's iplayer ! also i 've been in a cave for the past month and a half , did i miss anything ? 	nah man , get ready . i heard the next season of top gear is going to be a hit . 
it took steam a decade to introduce a refund option required by law , i do n't think valve gives a fuck about eu guidelines . 	how does steam 's refund option work then , since they 're a digital games platform ? would it only be possible to refund if you have n't played the game or something ? sounds exploitable . 
if a channel is buying the rights for a certain bbc show in their country , they are n't paying to have the show made , it 's already fucking made 	netflix is straight up paying the bbc to make the next season of peaky blinders , as it became extremely popular on netflix and the bbc was thinking about cutting it due to high production costs . 
your right man , i just feel leaving the eu would be a step backwards not forwards . 	i hope it 's just cameron pandering to ukip voters . i 'd much rather see the bureaucracy changed from within but keep the benefits . 
finally i can watch top gear on bbc 's iplayer ! also i 've been in a cave for the past month and a half , did i miss anything ? 	why should you be able to watch iplayer for free when uk people have to pay a license fee ? 
you do n't think they buy rights to future seasons ? or that the bbc factors in this revenue when making a decision to produce new seasons or shows ? 	bottom line is , i do n't think anyone should get it for free if others are paying for it , be it the license fee or etc . 
but then who is frank ? it ca n't be greg , he 's too honest and moral to be frank 	i think frank would be the best fit for garnet . of the entire gang , he is the closest they 've got to a functional , competent human . 
iirc , the treehouse people hinted at hoo - hah being patched back at apex 	explain how you patch a combo . 
in my experience , diddy is actually an extremely common character on for glory . hell , he 's arguably the second most common character after little mac . 	i imagine it varies quite a bit by region and skill level . 
they need to fix the c - stick . thats what i care about most . 	the tilt stick is just fine . 
instead of nerfing anyone , they should simply make the rest of the characters better . 	the only game to truly pull this off is dota . even pm could n't manage it . 
making the whole cast op means no one is op , balance solved ! 1 ! 1 ! 	brawl - would like a word with you . 
they need to fix the c - stick . thats what i care about most . 	am i not the only one who tries to use a quick smash with c stick and it makes me jab or tilt sometimes ? 
i wonder if this is going to affect the evo custom sets . 	well , the rules are already locked in , so i doubt it .  unless mr wizard is willing to break his own deadline , i would assume mewtwo and lucas wo n't be allowed this time 'round . 
yup , feels like they took the opposite philosophy of pm ; pm is basically make every character equally op , whereas smash 4 is more like make every character equally trash . 	not such op but balanced around each other as of the recent 3 . 5 version . 3 . 02 was op balancing as they made characters to the level of ntsc fox . 
they are probably referring to the slew of dr mario buffs they have planned . please dear god , doc needs a buff . 	how would you buff him exactly ? if you give him better recovery he 's just mario . giving him more power is fairly arbitrary . 
oh my mistake !  you know , i thought lucas had literally zero chance of getting in , what with ness using his specials as customs and all . i am so surprised and so happy . 	same here , but super - glad to be wrong in this case .  and that 's coming from someone that prefers ness . 
come on fix zelda 's smash hit boxes , give us her old up tilt and reduce her aerial landing lag come on 	or , you know , make her not be helpless after using din 's fire .  that shit is ridiculous . 
really hope they buff bird man . less lag on his lasers would be great , but any buff in general would be amazing . 	man , got so confused cause i always call flying man that . flying man so op . 
diddy in particular was horrible in melee . 	i 've never even lost a stock to a diddy , he was that bad . 
is n't she supposed to be 1 : 1 clone other than height and distribution of damage along the blade ? 	she is , but the difference between her sword and marth 's tipper is huge 
idk about that man , the last patch they did there was quite a few buffs . 	there were a bunch of small tweaks , a huge shulk buff , and huge sheik and rosalina nerfs . 
they need to fix the c - stick . thats what i care about most . 	i hate it when the c stick does a neutral . horse - bologna . 
they need to fix the c - stick . thats what i care about most . 	that could be nice , honestly i got used to it by now and can retreating fair just fine . 
the tilt stick is just fine . 	doesnt matter . its broken still . do you not want a normal c - stick ? do you like the fact that it 's broken ? 
there were a bunch of small tweaks , a huge shulk buff , and huge sheik and rosalina nerfs . 	yet sheik and rosalina are still high - tier . they did n't ruin them , just tone them down a bit . 
i hope you 're right . greninja is seriously such an awesome character to have been added to this game . i would love seeing him operate at a high level . 	he 's really fun to play even after the patch , but it gets really frustrating against chars like sonic , falcon , sheik etc who just have such little landing lag on everything compared to you . 
will meta knight finally have hitboxes ? 	he does have hitboxes .  it 's just his sword that does n't . 
there were a bunch of small tweaks , a huge shulk buff , and huge sheik and rosalina nerfs . 	do n't forget ike who got some really nice stuff too . but it 's true that outside of shulk and ike there were no real big buffs . 
he 'll pick him up for friendlies , if he sucks he wo n't play him competitively . 	he 'll probably use him to mess around in pools like he does with melee mewtwo 
i think buffing the range of marth , metaknight and also wft would be super helpful for them . i 'm not sure if the balance patch is going to change things like that though . 	at least one more pixel of range . 
i 'll agree with that . or if it 's the same price . 	also , thrift stores are awesome for old records . 
read this week 's update . 	wow this update must have come about the same time i made this post ! wow . ask and you shall receive i guess . 
it 's a good one , but you probably need some background to truly appreciate it . if you do n't know the characters it might not pack the same punch . 	good point . maybe op needs to find three episodes that allow for some character development to set the hook . 
kinda sorta , yeah . 	kinda sorta shit repost with poor sources . yes . 
i know . but i have nothing to burn . 	not even just some paper ? 
very true , but you gained net one lighter . and as you said , fire . fire is fun . 	i 'm amazed i have n't used it to burn anything yet xd 
i 'll have to do it outside - i have a fire alarm in ever room of this flat 	good idea , for both parts . 
i 'm amazed i have n't used it to burn anything yet xd 	aww , but that 's the best part of having access to fire . burning things . 
aww , but that 's the best part of having access to fire . burning things . 	i know . but i have nothing to burn . 
that 's a whole different part of town , my friend . 	hah , i was wondering what i said . shows how much i know about the city . i was thinking of a different bk , i guess . 
i think i saw that same video . was there a blonde girl in it as well ? i assume that was his girlfriend . 	no idea , it was a long time ago . maybe i 'll look for it later today . 
you 're a special kind of stupid .  you can have a problem with authority all you want , but when you break the law there are consequences that can come with it . have fun with those . 	you 're a special kind of stupid if you believe all laws should be enforced and the enforcement of some to have no immoral implications . 
it was n't free . are you going to make real arguments ? or just spout rhetoric ? 	just to cut to the chase , thank you for paying my salary , hero .  but yeah , it 's cool what he did because laws indeed . 
i love the translated sci - fi coming out of china that you 've featured , so far it has all been top notch ! 	thank you . having a lot of fun working on this project and there 's much more to come . 
what 's the best thing we can do to help this become your full - time job ? your part - time output is impressive and i 'd love to see what full - time neil could do . 	so much this ! your work is awesome . 
but not everyone will click before the button reaches 0 . we have to stay vigil 	you can rest easy knowing you did your part . 
this is a helpful calculation . i am very glad to know what is the upper bound . 	this is also assuming that the mods will never allow newer accounts to join in , at some point down the line . so it could become longer . 
there is no way it will be before june to say the least . 	i voted july but i feel it might even be longer than that . 
i 'm going to stay at home an clean and diy everything and not actually talk to one person . i 'm so excited . 	what 're you making ? besides a pirates blanket ? 
motorcycle and end of summer . it is doable . 	oh , yeah , end of summer is usually much better . it does still freeze in the mountains though . it froze on us while backpacking in mid august .  i know about the death machine . 
oh , yeah , end of summer is usually much better . it does still freeze in the mountains though . it froze on us while backpacking in mid august .  i know about the death machine . 	this trip involves camping in oregon california and at a truck stop in nevada . i have to be a little bit forgiving on when and where i go . 
how will that get the chocolate into my mouth ? if it 's miles away that seems not helpful . 	you grab a bunch and then drive your device over .   
one of the other people going made truffles . i 'm gonna be there in person so i can eat some . 	robotic arm attachments are your friend .   
are you a horse too , friend ? 	indeed i am . there are some pros to being a horse though , one being that i get to occasionally kick somebody in the throat , always fun . 
only humans have dream and self awareness ! did n't you know ? obviously only humans are here to dream and experience . 	horses may have self experience , but they are not really able to do much other than run around . they serve a purpose to people though . i did n't mean like sleeping dreams btw . 
i can second this .  source : personal experience 	are you a horse too , friend ? 
what if he puts the stick in his mouth . 	if the stick is long enough , it 'll get stuck in the doorway . 
not sure if its for people who ride or people who train horses . 	it 's for people who understand horses . if you understand a horse you can train it . 
i think the point is to not let someone tie you to a chair . or be a horse . one of them . 	yeah do n't let those people sit on your back 
it would still suck to walk around with a big plastic chair tied to your mouth , though . 	horse is smarter than ppl think . not only would it hurt their mouth , the horse would end up dragging the chair beneath their feet . screw that . he 's better off just chill 'n . 
looks interesting , i 'd watch it . the vfx looked like it needed some polish , but the hook was good . 	yea they definitely do ! i 'm doing everything myself and had never done visual effects before . learning as i 'm going and still a work in progress . thanks for the feedback ! 
not yet . hopefully we can play a succession faction soon . 	that would be so cool , i 'm not sure if it is possible though . 
i feel like bjergsen should go on an assassin where he can actually carry . his urgot just does n't fit his style 	assassins are bad in this meta . he wouldnt be able to do anything if xwx keeps picking things like ori or karthus 
that 's because you can easily smash na . it might be an issue if you play vs skt or fnc . 	dude this is the game thread for game 1 of na playoffs .  worlds is so far away 
i feel like bjergsen should go on an assassin where he can actually carry . his urgot just does n't fit his style 	assassin 's just do n't work in this meta . sustained damage is king 
i feel like bjergsen should go on an assassin where he can actually carry . his urgot just does n't fit his style 	he did well on urgot . it 's not the fault of bjergsen 's urgot that rush punished tsm around the map in lane . 
devil 's advocate : the coffee might have been pre - traffic . has happened to me many times and i come in feeling guilty despite leaving on time and factoring in a coffee stop . 	no . wrong . if someone is there to point out people being late , the world ends at the tip of their nose . no other thought or logic is needed . 
devil 's advocate : the coffee might have been pre - traffic . has happened to me many times and i come in feeling guilty despite leaving on time and factoring in a coffee stop . 	when i find myself in this situation , i chug it and leave it in my car before walking in . crisis averted everytime 
do you like k - pop ? majority of the koreans i 've met could n't care less . hell some even introduced me to some really good sounding korean alternative bands . what 's your take on it ? 	i used to hate it for no particular reason but nowadays i enjoy it . also korean hip hop became a thing since they featured so many rap audition - battle tv shows . hip hop is the new pop lol 
okay so am i suppose to post a picture here or something ?   	post pic of you with the supreme leader or gtfo op . 
your english is excellent . i 'd say even better than locals in high school level . where did you pick that up ? i assume you also well verbally . 	aw thanks . ive been to a lot of places . half of my life i 've been outside korea . 
in my case yes . either for leisure or to meet my family living here 	i see . does english really matter a lot in korea ? i understand korea is quite homogenous so korean is widely used 
is this for real ?   	it is the correct translation . 
i had a korean classmate who said he likes it here because everything is cheap . how cheap are things compared to korea ?  also do you get special treatment from teachers ? 	i dont think everythings cheap . though meat is like half the price . especially chicken . 
maybe , but in a way that would ensure your own sovereignty . we could instead have a loose association with our own autonomy separate and intact . a confederacy , if you will . 	this idea ca n't possibly fail ! 
cool .  i ca n't stand jack 's articles because the . gifs never load properly for me . 	i 'm working with smaller gifs now , should work a little better . 
or galaxies hunting galaxies . 	we might see all air units hunting eachother .  just like how in the ground game vehicles hunt eachother . 
you get a bullet . and you get a bullet . bullets for everyone ! 	welcome to tr . praise the vulcan lord and pass the ammunition . 
is n't it nice to see that nothing has changed when you check in every few months ? 	well , we got squad spawn now which is nice i guess 
you really serve no point do you ?   	keep spamming and personally attacking people buddy , your doing a great job at being the forum troll : p 
never ever email personal sensitive information , that is why . it is the email which is a problem . call and tell the information . or take it with you physically there . 	imo , email is as secure or in fact more secure than the mail and paper .   
val is a bad defender . not fast enough or strong enough .  he 's going to be sitting in the 4th in the playoffs . 	we get killed when other teams isolate jv on the pick and roll . he 's too slow on the perimeter . 
i 'm pretty sure he 's been blacklisted by clifford . he 's had a few injuries this season but he really lost a ton of playing time because of how bad he 's played . 	is he gone next year ? 
lol i love jack . 	lmfao , telling d casey how it is . suit game strong 
ball movement is n't old school - it 's always school . 	right ? since the beginning of the sport you have to pass around to find the open guy . that 's simplifying it of course but still 
shooting a bunch of threes is not old school . it 's new school .  old school is mid range game . 	i 'm talking making it more team oriented with ball movement being the emphasis . 
lowry 's outlets are horrible . 	about as bad as his ally oop passes ? 
let bruno play the last game . 	in his suit ? 
ever since jonas had a baby he 's been playing like shit . lesson learned 	that 's just not true . it 's just been the last couple of games . he was great just after jv jv jr was born . 
ever since jonas had a baby he 's been playing like shit . lesson learned 	he was awesome for a couple games right after he became a father . i remember we were commenting about how he was swinging his dad dick . 
where 's lance ? i never watch hornets games . 	i 'm pretty sure he 's been blacklisted by clifford . he 's had a few injuries this season but he really lost a ton of playing time because of how bad he 's played . 
they 're playing the hornets who are not playing well and missing three starters . 	there 's also the issue of listing the game at 8 : 00pm on the ticket and on the calendar . only reason i 'm watching this game on time is because it was announced last game against the c 's . 
he 's been sitting in the 4th all year . also does n't help our guards always get blown by and he has to come help when he is n't athletic enough to . 	he gets destroyed in the pnr , which takes the guard out of the equation . 
i kinda am because i do n't work but have to go out with the girl later saturday . so earlier the game the better for me . 	lol i 'm going with a girl to the game but she works till 3 so the later the better 
hornets fans : how has j - max been for you guys ? i 've kept an eye on him a bit this year , and he seems to put up good numbers occasionally . 	he 's only played because of all the injuries . he 's done a decent job as being the last resort though . i just wish the hornets had a better last resort . 
in his suit ? 	why did n't they make lou inactive if they knew they were n't gonna play him . 
dunno if it 's been said but raps start at home on saturday 	did they say what time the game starts yet ? 
my girlfriend texted me this morning at work saying how pumped she was for the arsenal game tomorrow . i think i 'm going to marry her . 	if we win , celebration sex ; if we lose , angry sex . 
what 's best options for watching on a mobile phone ? i 'll be away from home during the game , please help ! 	where do you live ? 
if we win , celebration sex ; if we lose , angry sex . 	well i 'll end up crying either way ! 
how could you rest anyone in this game ? i do n't care who we are playing this is one of our biggest games of the season . 	ok . well in my team i just did . reading are in shit form and i think in the lower half of the championship . 
does n't le cop work if henry 's new nickname for him is the policeman ? 	we should just call him the old bill . 
my girlfriend texted me this morning at work saying how pumped she was for the arsenal game tomorrow . i think i 'm going to marry her . 	i just screenshotted your post and sent to my gf . told her to learn 
why must this match coincide with the chelsea - manu match time though 	ones game tv , one game streaming 
well of course we will . still , i mind , i would like to watch both . 	i 'm gonna have our game on the big tele and plop my tiny laptop on the sofa for that game . 
really good looking truck . i went with the canyon for my first but i love the sierra too . 	i like the canyon a lot , but they are almost non existant at dealers up here in the north east . but i took this for a test drive and fell in love 
you just want to watch the world burn ! 	i work in theater , i want fast to apply and fast to remove . 
25 years in the industry , and never have i seen something like this in practice . 	well , it might look this way for the first month or two . but after a couple moves - adds - changes are done it 's right back to shit . 
in my experience , there 's also the problem of getting cut by the clipped ends of zip ties while working in a tight space . 	take a pair of linesman pliers flush to the zip tie and twist around . it will break off flush . 
why is there not some sort of twist - tie medium for the best of both worlds ? 	twist ties belong on bags of bread , not cables . if there 's any force to unify the zip tie and velcro factions , it 's the shared animosity toward twist ties . 
you gotta choose a side . you 're either for velcro ties , or you 're wrong . which is it ? 	electrical tape ! 
i 've always wondered that when a cable needs to be replaced , how does that work ? do you have to go and cut all the zip - ties ? 	we are constantly changing things where i work , hence we use velcro exclusively . it sounds like some other places regard these things as a little more permanent once set , so they use zip ties . 
in my experience , there 's also the problem of getting cut by the clipped ends of zip ties while working in a tight space . 	take a lighter to the clipped end . will melt it into a bubble that wo n't cut you .   
i do n't know man . that definitely was n't intentional . he probably feels bad 	just in general . he 's hit 3 pirates . even not intentional , it 's bullshit . 
ryan braun finishes the toilet paper and just leaves the empty roll . 	ryan braun drinks the last cup of coffee and does n't start a new pot . 
i feel like a 35 year old man today . woke up , did a couple hours of yard work , now i 'm going to settle in for some baseball , and later i 'll fire up the grill for dinner . 	weird . i 'm 35 . woke up at noon and had grocery store sushi for breakfast . 
ryan braun finishes the toilet paper and just leaves the empty roll . 	and it 's the last roll in the house and does n't put it on the store list 
weird . i 'm 35 . woke up at noon and had grocery store sushi for breakfast . 	you forgot the part where you prolly felt like a 60 year old man what with your bum knees . 
girl , i love you for taking the time to do this . i 'm morbidly curious how long this took haha 	way too long honestly haha , 2 hours or so ? cleaning my arm without making a mess was very time consuming ! 
haha you guys must have sensitive noses ! i use ud shadows all the time and do n't notice a scent ! 	oh man , you lucky duck ! it 's a very distinct scent , i wish i could un - smell it ! 
jakiro 's liquid fire has auto cast and it 's not how u 're supposed either , but it helps alot . 	except that liquid fire ca n't accidentally kill you 
tim means vs jordan mein would make me so happy . 	i could see tims muay thai being the means to an end . 
i 'm getting tired of this shit where everyone keeps standing up to him . he needs to put the fear of god back into them . 	its like everyone forgot hes the one you dont fuck wit . probably because he let too many people see his soft side . maybe a wolf genocide will get everyone back in line . 
that link is to buy 10 units . 	he just needs to ask to sample 1 unit , most vendors will oblige 
where can i find this revolutionary pamphlet . 	i do n't know the answer to your question but if you google this pamphlet a girl in a bikini comes up in the pictures . 
i 've seen the bassist from a band called dead sara use an epiphone jack cassidy semi - hollow bass . 	and it sounds great . saw them open for muse a few years ago , good band 
so the world economy is a bubble ? 	the whole universe is a bubble . 
also known as the philip j . fry strategy . 	superior to the lesser known , less effective i . c . wiener strategy . 
there does not exist enough money in the world to cover all the debts currently open . 	or when people die , the debt disappears . problem solved . 
thank you sir , for making a post that was actually interesting . i would gild you if i could . 	very welcome . no need for gold but i appreciate the thought . 
glass shatters , it 's actually goldust , who goes over cena . 	glass shatters , its stone cold steve sandow . 
thanks ! when i left there was a bunch of people still waiting .   	no worries ! we had the same thing , a lot of people got up to leave , then made their way back their seats . my friend swiftly upset them by explaining that there was nothing else ! 
damn , those are some crazy nations you got there . do modded games tend to be like this ? 	obviously it depends on the mod , but i think my game just went crazy . 
exactly . if she wants to buy me a new mini van to rear face 2 kids and forward face the oldest in , i guess that would be ok with me . haha 	as long as she wants to pay for fuel , and park that sucker too ! 
thanks dude ! i have a ton of photos ! i literally just recorded his whole performance and pressed the camera button to take photos while recording . 	nice ! turned out good man . props 
is n't that a hedge maze ? 	it 's a corn maze . 
bad grammar , clones of my ex , and french people . they smell . 	hey , we do n't stink ! 
i 'm actually canadian but sure enjoy urself  	canada is part of the americas . 
what do you mean ? killing her outside like that doesnt end the mission ? 	if you kill her there , she teleports to the final room and you get to kill her again . unfortunately . 
what do you mean ? killing her outside like that doesnt end the mission ? 	my friend and i tried this earlier today unfortunately it does n't end the strike so you have to go in and kill her again 
she appears in the final room with full health . do n't waste your ammo on her before you get there . 	i always run in to this section first , shoot her with one bullet , and then reload for the adds she spawns . only need to spend one round to start the encounter . 
for the last two weeks i got 11 ascendant shards , and then 7 energies . wtf . 	3 weeks in a row getting nothing but energies and coins . then last week i got my first gjallahorn off it . after 600 hours of play . i was a very happy guardian 
you do n't even have to shoot her at all . when i 'm the first one in i always just wave to start up the encounter . 	i 've actually never tried that . i 'll give it a shot tonight . 
i 've used every nif card in the game . kyle walker will always have a place in my starting eleven . the man is a rock . a really fast rock . 	sif aurier blows him out the water for me , he 'll barge anyone off the ball , also he allows silva who 's a beast . 
oh . ok . just wanted one because i do n't have the greatest internet connection , and wanted to read on my phone . 	my brother just copy - pasted the whole thing into a word document to put it on his e - reader . perhaps you could do the same thing ? 
they had a fucking all clad set on there for like 149 last week . sold out before i could make a move . 	maybe i 'll keep my eye on that website since i have time on my side . thank for pointing that out ! 
i do n't use the steamer insert for steaming often , but it makes a kickass little smoker ! 	interesting ! how would you go about using a steam insert as a smoker ? 
i hold my weed grinder and lighter in my center console , and i drive a two seater car so there 's room behind my driver seat and my bong fits perfectly behind it 	but do you take bong rips going down the road ? 
it did n't work . 	how high are you ? 
who rides around with a dab rig in their car ?   	i hold my weed grinder and lighter in my center console , and i drive a two seater car so there 's room behind my driver seat and my bong fits perfectly behind it 
dude you would n't say that about some kid in a sesh that you did n't know . 	you would , however , say it about a random homeless guy . 
cocaine does n't make to much sense considering its price 	luckily there 's a crazy cheap form that is widely available and easy to smoke . 
we do . its called taxes . 	indeed , its too bad we waste the money instead of giving away housing which is shown to cost less . 
i wanna say hand jobs , but i 'm afraid i 'll get downvoted . 	give a hand job , not a handout . 
it 's actually way cheaper to house and feed the homeless than keep arresting them . 	not if you work for the private prison lobby . 
no one is stopping you from giving them money .  oh , you mean , you want to take other peoples money to fix problems . 	no , he wants to take the money that 's already been taxed from people and use it to improve society . we have a say in where our taxes go , or at least we should . 
yeah . i enjoy posting them . i just wanted to make sure users wanted to see the event every week . it 's really hard to tell if people are digging it from my end haha 	i think that is a bit of the issue , people like playing to the backing track but are not confident enough or have the right equipment to record and put their creations online .   
i appreciate all that you do for this sub . as a lover of all genres , especially funk , i 'd like to see you keep doing whatever you enjoy doing , not just the things getting traffic 	thanks , man . i guess i just wanted to get a feeling from everyone else how it was going . 
ah . ok . that means that you 're not gonna be able to record anything on your computer unless you use a built in mic or a usb mic . 	yea , planning on getting a single chanel audio interface sometime 
gotcha , i do n't have a microphone jack though . 	ah . ok . that means that you 're not gonna be able to record anything on your computer unless you use a built in mic or a usb mic . 
when i spot a new wp that can extend this story i will write part 3 . not sure what will happen next , but a good prompt can help spark the juices : d 	sounds great ! i love the way its written and will be glad to read more . 
cheesy humor and a plethora of avengers are staples of the marvel universe . did you read the comics ? 	fuck no i did n't read the comics .  i saw a superhero movie . and it sucked .   
you have a strong point . i 've never really thought of that 	maybe because they do n't have enough money to buy a gopro ? 'cause that 's the only way they could fit in a selfie hah ! 
no research , but megaman 1 - 6 megaman x 1 - 3 , i loved megaman as a kid . 	me too ! i still have 4 - 5 . when i was old enough to buy games for myself it was hard to find the original nes games . last i checked , 4 - 5 were 45 - 55 each and 6 was about 40 - 45 . 
i 'm guessing that the most expensive nintendo item i have is either the gold majora 's mask cartridge with the 3 - d label , or the virtual boy . 	i 'll never forget finding a copy of majora 's mask in the toys r us bargain bin , opening it up , and finding a gold cartridge with holographic sticker . 
check your white poop privilege ! 	do n't oppress my shit . 
what do you guys think about the cavs and the bulls series ?  personally i think cavs in 7 , but i 'm looking for an unbiased opinion from pistons fans since you have seen both teams a lot  	lol . i hate both those teams . i think cavs in 6 though . when jr smith comes back next game ! 
here comes the sun and anything john mayer . 	anything john mayer . its actually a challenge trying to play exactly how he plays cause he does n't use conventional chords . and the fact his hands are big and can easily reach those chords 
any reasoning ? afaik the law is hold for 30 days and it 's yours . 	it 's not mine . i think you want to return the card to the owner . otherwise you did n't held card 49 days . 
did you try posting a sign or something that said you had found it ? or putting an ad up on craigslist ? etc . 	no , the store did n't want a sign put up , and cl here is n't really used since it 's full of spam . 
a lot of people do n't know you have to be going full thrust or the missile will catch up to you . also a lot of people do n't know you have to use rudder to do a hard turn . 	well , you 're right . not everyone can be as awesome as me .  just kidding : d 
was n't it common sense to just hard turn ? found this out on the first missle that was shot at me . 	a lot of people do n't know you have to be going full thrust or the missile will catch up to you . also a lot of people do n't know you have to use rudder to do a hard turn . 
this game is bullshit , level 3 is impossible . 	sorry , i have never played it . just picked it up because it is star wars 
what 's this about steam tunnels ? been here 5 years , never heard of it . 	it 's like water tunnels , but the water is gas 
it 's like water tunnels , but the water is gas 	and they 're closing the steam tunnels and imploding them with the quad renovation . 
haha , thanks . i have to give much of the credit for my perspective to my instructor for being a longtime kung fu guy who 's equally experienced as a muay thai instructor . 	i know that feeling . it 's the same with my guy , except he boxes . same with his instructor . it 's kind of a thing within our clan . 
that makes sense , so if things were never meant to work out for them , it would n't matter how many times they went back in time and tried their plan , it would never work ? 	that 's my take on it , at least . since they were meant to back in time and do that stuff , if they try to go back and undo those actions , they would somehow fail to intervene . 
your question was rhetorical , whether or not you are of the opinion , you made an argument against it . the two are n't necessarily inclusive . 	i do n't know what you 're talking about . i only asked if we should . how am i arguing against that ? 
i would agree , but it 's stuff like this that seemingly gives white people an excuse to do black face . 	there 's a line , and black face is clearly past it . 
this is n't totally true . i get offended by shit like racism . does that mean that i 'm incapable of controlling my emotions , and should instead be ok with having racial slurs yelled at me ? 	i think the post was talking about being offended easily ; being offended for the smallest and mundane of things . 
i did n't ask the question to offer my opinion . i only offered it when you asked me your question . 	your question was rhetorical , whether or not you are of the opinion , you made an argument against it . the two are n't necessarily inclusive . 
so , dont listen to that show ?  thats the solution to most of it , particularly with comedy . if you find the comedian offensive , do n't watch his comedy anymore . 	not talking about a show , i 'm talking about a reddit comment 
making dead baby jokes at a baby 's funeral would cause harm ? how so ? 	if the parents are there , reminding making light of their dead child might cause them pain . 
if the parents are there , reminding making light of their dead child might cause them pain . 	ergo , it 's offensive . seeing profanity spray painted on the coffin of someone you love would cause most people pain , as well , even if you do n't think it would cause you any pain . 
it was phrased as such , and i was definitely not the only person to read it as such .  i dunno why else you would ask it . 	cause i think it 's an interesting question and id like to hear other people 's opinions . why does everything have to be a debate ? 
you have the power to fix this , you know . 	i do n't got no fancy - pants bourgeoisie pictures to post though , i am unfortunately just lowly member of proletariat . 
step 1 : get a salt or pepper grinder .  step 2 : empty it .  step 3 : fill it with weed . 	i ca n't open this one i have . 
how do you open it ? 	i just did it by putting the lip of the black top on a counter and put my weight on it . pushing it down and it just popped on one side then flip and do it on the other . 
only problem is , you cant put straight bud into it . it has to already be ground up , this just makes it finer 	this may be stupid , but i pull apart my nugs before i grind them so i do n't grind in the stems anyway . is this not what everyone else does ?  edit : nugs not bugs 
how do you open it ? 	had the same idea i could n't get it open .   
so the unsubscribe link lets spammers know your address is active so they can send you even more spam and not unsubscribe you ? 	they unsubscribe you from the one specific thing you unsubscribed for , but then sell your email address as a valuable active account 
get it now and have the numbers added later . 	we still are n't sure what number he 'd wear . kane wears 9 
imagine this  top team in the olympics v . s . top team in the nhl nyr v . s . team canada do you truly believe that new york would win ? 	who would rick nash play for ? he 's on the rangers and was on the last olympic winning team canada . 
would the canadian players for nyr play for team canada or nyr ?  if they stay , the rags would win . if not , canada would win . 	you think that rick nash is that much of a difference maker against a team that had tavares on the fourth line ?  he had one assist in 6 games in the 2014 olympics 
imagine this  top team in the olympics v . s . top team in the nhl nyr v . s . team canada do you truly believe that new york would win ? 	would the canadian players for nyr play for team canada or nyr ?  if they stay , the rags would win . if not , canada would win . 
i made it with zooper and a custom font that i downloaded . 	do you happen to know the font ? i know i 'm a cunt asking all these questions but i just really like it a lot so if you would n't mind it would put a smile on my face 
what clock widget is that ? it looks spicy 	what this guy said . with extra spice . 
just because the eagles are from philly , i dislike them more than most other nfc teams . 	are you kidding me ? they 're fantastic ! their fans are such surly bastards ! and they hate the giants even more than we do ! 
really ? hm , i 've never really had anything against them . lots of bears and colts fans support the same college teams too . then again , they may dislike us for the super bowl . 	generally its just where the two fan territories intersect , like in northern indiana 
boston - ny , pick the sport , it trumps all else . 	as a mets fan i have no issue with the red sox , i actually kind of like them . 
i 'm not sure what point you are trying to make . 	a lot of texans fans at the dallas game last season , maybe ? i was there . there were a lot of us . 
glad he was able to bring joy to another fan base before he retired . 	sorry bro i was just trying to rustle some jimmies . i loved weapon x 
how do you feel about the celtics and patriots ?  edit : or dont answer and downvote when i was asking a serious question 	as a mets fan , the red sox are the only boston team i do n't hate . they hate the yankees , so that bumps them up a few spots in my book . 
bears and colts fans definitely have a thing . there 's definitely a war zone in northern indiana and eastern illinois 	really ? hm , i 've never really had anything against them . lots of bears and colts fans support the same college teams too . then again , they may dislike us for the super bowl . 
there 's no latency or bandwidth issues when doing live shows with high res video off of an external 3 . 0 drive ? thats always been my fear 	it can cause issues but usually does n't if you have enough ram to buffer the video . 
sadly , that seems about right , and i 'm not sure if the teachers union would side with the teacher on such a case . 	yeah i have no idea what the teacher union is like . could one way or the other depending on what 's in the contract . 
you do n't have a right to work there , and you can be fired if the school feels like it . 	sadly , that seems about right , and i 'm not sure if the teachers union would side with the teacher on such a case . 
hey man , im in - game , server list up , cant join a game . wtf ? 	yeah , i 've been having a problem with that too . no one has answered such a question yet . i 'll just wait for 0 . 5 . 0 to see how it goes . 
i 'd just wait for the 0 . 5 . 0 update . 	solved my problem by running multiple instances of the game on my desktop for now . at least they have the same list of servers this way . 
okay so i have an evolve party open with some friends in it , i go to host in halo online but my server doesnt show up to anyone , what gives ? 	are you on 0 . 5 . 0 . 0 ?  i have been having that issue too . try a different host . try rebooting . oracle will probably work . 
glad i went there then . the drive was super scenic with all the horse farms and black fencing . 	yeah , that 's a nice area . you can stop at the farms and they 'll usually let you check out the horses and give you a small tour . 
i love those kind of neighbors . 	definitely . once they start talking to you they always seem to end up wanting some type of favor . 
third one looks mysteriously like it could be an apple store . 	my thoughts exactly . i however do not like it . all of the other buildings are beautifully themed and then they throw in this ultra modern glass building . it just looks out of place . 
when you get paid a nice salary to create apps for your work full time . only other skill set i use besides vba is sql . 	can you give some more details about how you landed a job like this ? i might be interested in something similar . 
it 's been five fucking months , move on . 	ya , anything less than 2 years and i 'll just auto end things if she cheated . any longer and i 'd think about it but prolly still do the same . 
if the dude was a teenager ? probably yeah . if wilson 's girlfriend was some tv personality or someone involved in the public sphere it would be different , but she 's just a teenage girl . 	at what age does a person have to be before it 's acceptable to make jokes about them ? 
because they are being censored so there is no point keeping them there . heart disease , arthritis . 	how are they being censored ? all this anger you have is soooo healthy for you little boy . 
19 years old , plays at manchester united , has a pretty girlfriend . this guy has his shit together but media still bitches about one small thing . 	thats the media . they always need something to bitch about . even if everything is good and well . 
you would n't speak to your own sister if she happened to be overweight ? for fuck 's sake , mate , you need to reevaluate your priorities . 	check the history . the guy is a troll who spends all his time on reddit shaming and hating on people with weight issues . do n't expect any reasonable reply from the guy . 
well that 's just a machine . what software stack do you use ? you should check the config files of your server software . 	i have a lamp stack set up on it . i was thinking of throwing a mean stack on it , but i 'm not sure if i can since mean uses mongo db and lamp includes mysql .  edit : rephrase 
hey , do n't rip on shipping containers , they 're pretty fucking cool . 	they are pretty awesome . i ca n't account for my characters tastes . 
they do somewhat , like dentures can . takes a while to get used to speaking with it . 	no . i 'm guessing you have n't had grills before , i have and they do n't affect speech . 
that box and sticker placement looks off no ? 	exactly , and it 's missing the price tag sticker 
represent ! i had to dress in normal boring clothes because i had to go into work today . 	is that a thing ? i noticed a ton of people wearing red at the vigil mass , and could n't remember if i 'd ever seen it before . 
yes ! please show us pics ! we 'd love to see them ! 	so many people asked me i went ahead and updated my original post with a link !   
op pls , can we see pics ? 	so many people asked me i went ahead and updated my original post with a link !   
why give these idiots any media coverage or the time of day ? they have what all of fifteen followers ? who cares ? fuck em , the world will continue and progress without them . 	because they 're god damn hilarious 
probably going to go with square flair , but thanks for the offer . 	i prefer rectangle flairs instead of square ones . 
i legitimately always thought bmi was a percentage , that it could n't break 100 . that 's incredible . 	it is . he 's more fat that human 
when you so fat it 's a 5 man job minimum to get you out the house 	5 men and one machine . this mother fucker weighs more than my car . almost literally . 
i 'm telling him to start eating more if he wants to gain muscle and weight . lifting alone will not do that . 	he has gained 15 pounds already . 
5 men and one machine . this mother fucker weighs more than my car . almost literally . 	he 's heavy enough that it would technically be illegal to drive around with him in the bed of my f150 . 
honestly , i do n't get it . just let him starve until he can get up and feed himself . 	how long would it take , though ? he could go at least 10 years without food . 
when you so fat it 's a 5 man job minimum to get you out the house 	that bed is the real mvp . 
does it ever go away ? like , even years later ?  i 'm asking for my friend who is about 20 lbs overweight . 	a 20 lbs overweight person will not have any excess skin unless they are very very short , then it might be some on the triceps area but really not very noticable .   
picture 133 is the art for the mtg card damnation artist credit : kev walker 	pic 5 also reminded me of dark depths . 
anyone know a site where i can purchase prints of art like this ?  searching for horror art prints yields a lot of shit . 	you could possibly go to the artist 's website and search , if you do n't mind the expensive route . other than that , search your artist in question on ebay and you might get lucky . 
first prussia game and i 'm not doing too bad . maybe i should just screw it and get all the infamy while being invincible ? 	that is how germany is ment to be played . not care about infamy and just destroy every other country in the world . 
it 's ok . i love a large stronk germany sometimes . 	first prussia game and i 'm not doing too bad . maybe i should just screw it and get all the infamy while being invincible ? 
what for ? i can already take on everyone else in the game without my allies so what 's the point ? 	i just like watching europe burn and rebels run rampant after i peace out . 
a germany that size can do it and get away with it . 	probably but given the rebels he might lose a large amount of troops and then with the uk if they are n't retard for the first time he might get rekt 
you went over 25 infamy i assume ? yeah do n't do that cause the world will slap your shit 	i had 22 . something and it was the great war and i wanted o one last state from france for cheap . 
good work ! i do fancy a play with a temperature protection mod 	this is a good introduction to temp control really , it 's cheap but it works flawlessly for tc . 
what do you do for work ? i 'm a college grad that waits tables lol 	i work in the tech industry . 
i hope we can keep vermette so bad . man oh man we would be set on centers . 	i 'd rather have richards he 's been much better than vermette and he 's about the same age 
oh man , that all sounds awesome . thanks a bunch for explaining it to me . i 'll be grabbing this for sure ! 	no problem , have fun ! 
depends , are you an action junkie or a story junkie ? do you like cop and crime dramas ? 	i like a good mix of action and story . i love cop and crime tv series . the game looks great , just mainly concerned about it being made 4 years ago . 
i think his base skates like a dream . i play him on my fourth line lw with bergeron . is the totw 's shot better ? 	biggest thing i noticed was better hands , shot feels a tad better though 
i dated a woman whose kids were so disrespectful to her that i lost respect for her . 	i 'm not old enough for that but that could be a huge turn off . then you have to inherit that disrespect from them as a dad . 
sure thing ! i 'll be able to hatch it for you in 5 hours or tomorrow . i should be available for most of the next 3 days . 	would you be around after that ? i get off work in about 8 hours 
are you speaking metaphorically ? or he actually got into a physical fight with a were - rat ? 	he got into a fight with something of the spiritual nature which to me resembled a were - rat . 
pre - ordered my ness yesterday at gamestop . fuck that mess . 	i could n't get there because of work . i 'm seriously heartbroken right now . fuck gamestop and fuck exclusives . 
haha yeh man i 'm here it 's been a while like would take me a few days to get back up to scratch    if you fancy a smash about let me know 	im always up for a jam dude , i also know plenty of people that would snap up a good drummer  
cool yeh i 've heard decent things about practice sheffield , used yellow arch a few times as well , if u can get some other guys together and pick some shit to learn i 'm game 	hey dude , can you pm me your deets , one of my friends is looking for a drummer . 
are n't patents supposed to be denied if they 're obvious ? 	i think they are supposed to also be possible with current technology otherwise you 'd patent flying cars and stuff . 
i have seen the lg flex in person . it does exist , it is curved , and will bend totally flat when laid on the table . 	i know , i 've also touched and bend it a bit , this phone body is amazing 
so when using irons with plastic balls , make sure to swing a little lower ? 	i would just say make sure they 're sitting in the grass and not hovering on top . the weight of a real ball would not let sit on top of the grass like the plastic ones do . 
and what about using the driving range versus actually playing a round ? 	any time you can spend hitting balls will help . i think you need to do both . the range is often much more affordable . 
ugh why bring up the age gap ? she 's 21 not a child . people on this sub are so weird about that shit . 	i respectfully disagree . they are in different phases of life . she needs to date people her own age to eventually find her life partner . she 's just wasting valuable time with this old man . 
maybe he 'll learn from the experience . grow as a person . when he 's older , he 'll known that to get exclusive nintendo toys , he needs to come earlier . 	lol what kids do n't drive . all he is learning is life is n't fair . 
you know what really grinds my gears ?  people who think they 're special because they know a lot about a game . literally any game . 	y 'all ca n't touch this when it comes to candy land 
y 'all ca n't touch this when it comes to candy land 	one v one me on rust bro . 
if on task then possibly since the cannon in the slayer cave can basically act like this , but without task it could be a bit op for higher creatures , especially abby demons imo 	i think we need new and interesting items to give people incentive to do higher level slayer . this would certainly make it more appealing 
dude you have a week and a half untill it launches in america . just wait it out man . 	wait not the small version . disregard that post . is stoned . 
the logan part was so awkward for me . he was so into her . although hurt by her rejection at the proposal i would n't have thought he would have walked away from rory so easily . 	but what other choice did he have ? she made her decision . i know it was best for her to say no , but i loved logan ! this whole situation broke my heart . so hard to watch . 
why would t - mobile allow that . 	they control the terms . more people using it means more money coming in . they are n't losing money in the deal , even if google gets a wholesale discount . 
anyone who thinks free google wifi is going to win has n't tried to use google wifi in mountain view . it 's been useless for what , half a decade now ? 	if it 's been useless for half a decade now , why does google intend on going forward with it ? nice shilling . 
why would t - mobile allow that . 	for money - i 'm sure google is paying a shit ton for this , but both companies will still make money . 
lool no ! this is just a hobby , i do n't do anything related to computers . 	this is impressive for just a hobby . people could certainly use your skills and put money in your bank account . but do what makes you happy , this is just really neat . keep posting these ! 
this is impressive for just a hobby . people could certainly use your skills and put money in your bank account . but do what makes you happy , this is just really neat . keep posting these ! 	nah , i 'm nowhere near as good as anybody even learning how to do this stuff professionally . just making this stretched my proficiency level ! 
i was slightly to your right . 304 row 9 .  i 'll take the win if i 'm there . 	exactly . lose every game but the ones i 'm there for . first win i 've seen in about a year and a half . 
duke nukem forever has to take the top spot .  15 years to develop a new title from a legendary game series , and it was n't even worth playing for free . 	after 15 years in development hell no one in their right mind expected the game to be good . 
really out off all the games you pick  one of the best games ever . weird how you think 	i enjoyed playing it , it just wasnt what i expected , and not really worth the years of insane hype it got . 
that new golden eye game . thought it was gonna send me into nostalgic overload . it was poop . 	goldeneye reloaded is atrocious . how the hell do you fuck that up ? literally just do the same fucking thing again , but in hd . how hard was that ? 
op 's mum 's mum 	op 's dad ? 
burning something is n't technically speech . so no , its not freedom of speech , its potentially arson . 	it 's not being charged under any arson statute . in fact , i bet you 'd risk prosecution even if your fire imagery were entirely digital . 
holy shit bro i love that place ! i live in lancaster and i plan on goin to ou ! 	oh cool i 'm from baltimore just outside lancaster 
shit . was that a mid - air foh kill against a bladedancer ? i would be so mad if that happened to me , lol . 	it was ! i forgot i had death from above enabled , and though i did aim a bit it was mostly a surprise . my main is a hunter and i would be so pissed if this happened to me too , lol . 
whats good about the game ? and is n't this a port from windows ? 	it 's fun and it 's free and yes it 's from windows 
i 'll see about downloading it . what 's the average age of players you know off hand 	in my clan ? or on the game ? 
i ca n't imagine using equal amounts of coffee as cocoa powder would be desirable .   	the trader joes coffee has cocoa powder mixed in . but maybe i should buy cocoa powder and ratio it . 
do you think she overreacted then ? i understand he was a beloved pet to her , but i think she was being a bit extreme to say her life is now ruined without the dog . 	there 's no way she is over reacting . if you did the same thing with my dog , i 'd have a hard time not strangling you . 
my pet is my baby . does that answer your question ? 	i guess ? it blows my mind that anyone would pick an animal over the baby . i mean , i 've been quite attached to my pets too , but they are not the same . 
do you think she overreacted then ? i understand he was a beloved pet to her , but i think she was being a bit extreme to say her life is now ruined without the dog . 	wow you are cold . 
do n't bother . anyone who is n't telling op to hang himself with a dog leash if he ca n't find this dog is going to get downvoted . 	yea , it 's really sad . 
do you think she overreacted then ? i understand he was a beloved pet to her , but i think she was being a bit extreme to say her life is now ruined without the dog . 	the dog was far more important to her than you are . 
a lot of hate for op here when he made an honest mistake . this subreddit often advocates forgiving cheaters , but accidentally losing a dog is some how worse than cheating ? 	maybe i 'm odd but i could get over my bf sticking his dick in someone before i 'd get over the loss of a pet . 
do you think she overreacted then ? i understand he was a beloved pet to her , but i think she was being a bit extreme to say her life is now ruined without the dog . 	wtf are you doing on the internet ? go and find her dog 
you really think that 's exactly the same ? a baby and a dog ?  so if someone had a gun to your dog 's head and a baby 's head you 'd say to kill the baby instead of your dog ? 	i did n't come here to get into a morality debate , but my best friend who has helped me through hell and some random baby ? the dog wins 100 times out of 100 . 
a lot of hate for op here when he made an honest mistake . this subreddit often advocates forgiving cheaters , but accidentally losing a dog is some how worse than cheating ? 	cheating is bad .  losing your so 's dog is bad .  apples and oranges ! both dump - worthy imo . 
do you think she overreacted then ? i understand he was a beloved pet to her , but i think she was being a bit extreme to say her life is now ruined without the dog . 	that dog is family to her . you need to get to finding him . 
is he not looking for it ? does he not feel bad ? is he not suffering because of it ? or are those things not compassion ? if he does n't care , why would he bother ? 	he 's not bothering . he 's not looking . he does n't care . he 's on fucking reddit instead . get your head out of your ass . 
it 's annoying how people think babies are more valuable than a decade - long friend . 	you really think that 's exactly the same ? a baby and a dog ?  so if someone had a gun to your dog 's head and a baby 's head you 'd say to kill the baby instead of your dog ? 
do you think she overreacted then ? i understand he was a beloved pet to her , but i think she was being a bit extreme to say her life is now ruined without the dog . 	dude you 're being so insensitive , this is your fault . man up and try to fix it instead of complaining about your girlfriend loving her dog . you have so obviously never had a pet . 
do you think she overreacted then ? i understand he was a beloved pet to her , but i think she was being a bit extreme to say her life is now ruined without the dog . 	please do n't listen to this asshole . find the damn dog ! 
i 'm guessing your kids are n't blind and weigh two pounds . 	they were toddlers . about the same intelligence level as a blind two pound dog 
note to self : find new , cool friends 	hey friend ! i thought i 'd remind you :  find new , cool friends 
about the same , but that 's cause 'a midterms coming up i slept for 5 hours and woke up at 2 : 30 lel you will le ded 	yes  friday thing got due date extended a week so now better still no free time today or tomorrow feel yeah i slept from 3 - 8 
yeah and if you choose the female majin the stats are reversed from the male version .  while im not up in arms about it , its meh to me . 	i 'm only making a male for a popo clone . guy 's at the top of the pecking order . 
randy never had a code though . iirc he never showed any limit to what he could n't take money for .   	obviously you are an advocate of how much potential randy had and there is nothing wrong with respecting his hustle . does n't change the fact that he was a rat . 
put himself before the code of the streets , a man 's gotta have a code 	randy never had a code though . iirc he never showed any limit to what he could n't take money for .   
downvote me all you want .  broncos did not get any competitive advantage .  i do n't think they should be brought up in the same conversation as spygate or falcons shooting noise . 	even if they did n't gain an advantage , its still cheating 
i did n't say the stadium , i said cash flow . 	do n't downvote him , guys . this is reddit . we do n't read the article , why should we expect the high king to ? 
oooo bad idea . its value will be deflated by then 	great , that will make it easier to fit under my salary cap . 
great , that will make it easier to fit under my salary cap . 	yep , you 'll have plenty of money left for whatever you want ; video cameras , pumps , you name it ! 
that 'd be great to use a freedom of information act to get the broncos books . 	is n't that only for publicly run stuff ? 
if i had access to the books , i would be happy to go through them , but that would never happen . 	that 'd be great to use a freedom of information act to get the broncos books . 
do n't downvote him , guys . this is reddit . we do n't read the article , why should we expect the high king to ? 	i did read the article . what was clear to me is that no one really knows what they did with the extra cash . but i would n't expect anyone else to have read that . 
i like it , it looks like something fun will come out of it , but i 'm afraid the american natives will kill each other before the euros can try . 	just like real history : d 
where can i see fifty shades of jay ? 	confirmed for gay . 
if you must use something , use a dry graphite powder . at least that wo n't contaminate your hop - up or lead to dust and stuff getting into the mags . 	i 'm going to give that a try 
no no no , do n't oil them . as the oil dries , it ends up getting sticky , which makes them jam up more . 	not all oil dries up quickly .  a bit of light oil , like what is used in instrument valves , would do very well . 
is the reduced sleep negatively impacting your life ? 	it could . if it starts to , i 'll stop taking it , i guess . the benefits almost outweigh the minimal sleep 
that 's complete and utter bullshit . feminism is about seeing men and women as equal , not enemies .  you need counselling . 	i honestly hope he is lying . i do n't see how a functioning human being can think this way . 
have you had sex other than what you paid for ? that 's all i really care about is having sex as a normal part of a relationship . or a normal hookup . 	might i suggest online dating instead ? if it 's a relationship you 're after then a hooker might not be your best option . 
i do n't see why people use these weapons to begin with . they 're like big sparkly targets for your opponents to focus on . 	i like to show off . if that means painting myself a big target , so be it . 
my god you sound stupid . good luck with your tiny dick . 	i 'm sorry my opinion is hurting your poor kia 's feelings 
too bad nobody will be able to afford starbucks because nobody will have jobs .   	we will all have jobs . we will just all work less which is a good thing . ca n't fight progress remember john henry . 
sorry , but i 'm not buying food in a restaurant from a vending machine - not without a huge price incentive . 	i 've spend years of my life on the road and am so sick of dealing with servers , i ca n't even begin . bring on the robots ! 
sorry , but i 'm not buying food in a restaurant from a vending machine - not without a huge price incentive . 	it 's already happening in the us at chain restaurants . you order on a tablet and your waitress just delivers it . if you want a refill just push a button . 
congratulations , you 're one in 2 . 3 million .  i also call bullshit , because everyone lies . everybody . 	that right there was a joke high - speed .   
i never stole any army equipment , nor did i ever fail to correct my superiors about what they issued without a hand receipt .  additionally i 've only lied once 	congratulations , you 're one in 2 . 3 million .  i also call bullshit , because everyone lies . everybody . 
is it really cold ? there isnt too much snow on the ground . 	all the damn salt and gravel . it makes me sad 
is n't sucking a dick going too fast ? 	you could give him oral slowly , if you do n't like going too fast . 
is abnormal having a low sex drive at 20 ? it 's not like i 'm depressed or anything 	it might be normal for you or it might not . it 's certainly not the most common amount of desire at your age . it never hurts to check things out with your physician . 
damn you really know how that shit works , now i want to read erotica and i 'm at work 	yeah , guys are pretty easy reads . 
go see a doctor . that 's abnormal at your age .   	what ? do n't listen to this guy . people have different sex drives . there 's nothing wrong with it 
is abnormal having a low sex drive at 20 ? it 's not like i 'm depressed or anything 	yes . very . you should be trying to hump furniture on a disturbingly regular basis . 
nothing , i guess it 's just helping to talk about what 's happened . 	makes sense . do you want to talk about it more ? 
you joined my squad the other night .  then promptly left .  guess you 're not into the small squad thing , eh ? 	very sorry , i did n't mean to be rude . i actually do n't mind them . i was leaving to join an irl friend that does n't play too often . 
that is one disgruntled looking baby , and i love it ! : p 	she was so ticked off ! they had rolled her over to clamp her cord and she just was n't having it ! 
printers . ones that work . 	yes ! i just had to replace a printer and it is so frustrating trying to decide on which one to get . they all seem to break or get spotty reviews . 
i 've heard about new games having their codes taken . most nintendo games at gamestop do n't get shrink wrapped . 	then complain to gamestop - if they sell you a stripped game and it does n't come with the code when it should , then you 're not getting the complete thing you 're paying for . 
adjust the pivot screw . 	ive tried that . when i loosen it up , it lets it straighten out , however it allows for a lot of play in the blade . 
i did n't recognize her . but after having it pointed out , i feel like not using her for anything but a quick catchphrase was hilarious . 	and the huge note at the end . 
plenty of transgender women can wank without a problem , though . 	that 's not what i meant .  steve felt like a man when he was masturbating . 
you think that 's bad i 'm trying to find out two songs that played in sailor moon episode dramatic moments twenty years ago 	i was answering their question . first world problems was the song playing : p 
i like the style . kind of reminds me of stick it to the man ! or rather it 's just 2d characters in a 3d world . 	been hearing people say that is their least favorite aspect of this , saying it looks like placeholder art . i agree with you , i like it , personally . nothing like this is out there , unique . 
sure but gdp growth is a conventional measure of economic growth . which would you suggest ? 	i would suggest a measure of economic growth that does n't include government spending , since the government is parasitic on the economy rather than a part of it . 
that 's inconclusive , is n't it ?  source : took formal logic in high school . 	true . 
thanks for providing absolutely nothing of value . hopefully other aspects of your life are more productive . 	they are - which is why i do n't post to this sub every 10 minutes like you do 
this is why deal or no deal bothers me . well , one of the many many reasons . 	i may have misunderstood you , but deal or no deal does n't actually have the same logic since the host does n't choose which boxes to show you . 
so you would want to not switch doors . 	i 'd pick the door he opened . 
war : final assault ? 	i think so ! do you remember the monkey gun ? 
i 'm fucking blind as a bat and have no glasses or contacts . i live life on the edge . 	your choice or money issues ? 
depends what you mean i should probably study lol . i could not study at all and most likely end up with at least an a - but dats tru for all my work 	hey , if you 're safe without studying than it 'd be silly for me to say that you should be . 
if there 's 360 degrees in a circle , how many are there in a sphere ? 	3 dimensional objects ca n't be expressed in 2 dimensional degrees ? 
who the fuck punches someone in their stomach - what the fuck did you think the reaction was gonna be ? 	seriously that was the worst thought out process from the guy on the left . dude in the red looks kinda big as it is , so your gonna throw a weak ass jab to his core ? 
seriously that was the worst thought out process from the guy on the left . dude in the red looks kinda big as it is , so your gonna throw a weak ass jab to his core ? 	dude was drunk as fuck . logic and reason were not with him . 
well , i do n't exactly know what i am good at , but i can help with the planning and creation and the later matter of ensuring that it runs smoothly . do you have any kind of position open ? 	i have a solid plan laid out , so strictly speaking , planning is n't really needed . what do you do on civcraft most of the time ? 
looks like a yellow inkling ! we have n't seen yellow in the trailers yet i do n't think , could this be a new color option ? 	actually i 'm pretty sure we 've seen the yellow inkling before , idk i remember seeing a black inkling with yellow tentacles before but it might be my memory failing me 
give me your voice , you 're not using yours 	i 'm sorry i was born that way . 
how about younger me .  press the stop button and get ready to leave the bus , bus passes your stop , look like an idiot because everyone noticed . say nothing to driver . 	happened to me too ! thankfully one of the person that noticed yelled to the driver , telling him that he missed my stop . i probably owe that person my first newborn or something . 
i have n't been on a bus with a pull cord since the early nineties ! 	i just rode a bus for the first time within the past year , and all the ones i 've been on have had pull cords . what 's the newer method ? 
how about younger me .  press the stop button and get ready to leave the bus , bus passes your stop , look like an idiot because everyone noticed . say nothing to driver . 	this is why i always walk to the front of the bus when the bus is full , so the driver ca n't possibly forget the stop . if he does , i 'll just quietly whisper into his ear . 
pay your newborn forward ? 	give them the girl to wipe away the debt ? sounds reasonable enough . 
how about younger me .  press the stop button and get ready to leave the bus , bus passes your stop , look like an idiot because everyone noticed . say nothing to driver . 	this happened to me on a commuter bus . the next stop was another town 15 minutes away , and the bus runs only once an hour in each direction . 
it sounds like that driver was just a dick . that is not the typical outcome when you admit that you pulled the cord too early . 	i know that now but that shit isnt cool to pull off on a wee little lad . 
i just rode a bus for the first time within the past year , and all the ones i 've been on have had pull cords . what 's the newer method ? 	there 's an app for that . you just push a button on your phone . 
do you have the yellow tape that if pressed sets off a security alarm ?   	no , red ones in the bars you hold on to if standing . 
happened to me too ! thankfully one of the person that noticed yelled to the driver , telling him that he missed my stop . i probably owe that person my first newborn or something . 	you 'll never see them again . so you pay it forward . 
how about younger me .  press the stop button and get ready to leave the bus , bus passes your stop , look like an idiot because everyone noticed . say nothing to driver . 	lol . how far did you end up going ? next stop ? 
eh people do n't give a fuck or would only care for about 30 seconds max . i would n't get out , fuck what you think of me ! 	no way dude . i 'm the only one that sees people accidentally pull the cord , not get off , and not give a shit 20 seconds later . there 's no way everyone is like this is there ? 
problem is , there might be other people who want to get off at that stop and do n't ring the bell because someone else just did . 	reminds me of my middle school years when these two girls tried to get the driver to move the stop closer to their house . other guy on the stop got so mad . 
whats nsfw abt this ? 	where do you work ? are they hiring ? 
easy on the cup drought bud , the canadiens only have us beat by 2 years from date our team started . 	we 've only had 1 good year excluding last year imo . sharks has always been so much better than us 
tmac literally is n't doing anything wrong in my eyes . the players just do n't try very hard and make the same dumb ass mistakes night in and night out . 	players not trying hard indicates the coach has lost the team . so you either need a new coach or an entirely new team . if you 're that loyal to tmac , i 'll take one couture to go please . 
what is the consensus about the first post to the steam announcement page ? 	can you elaborate on what you mean by this ?  do you mean posting a link post directly to the steam announcement page ? if so , you still need to make a text post with the link within . 
he post all of the news updates really fast . usually the first one to do it . 	i remember now , his post beat someone elses and everyone just seemed to ignore it . 
i want reinforce and blitz from ghost . the game sucked , but i loved those modes . also , it may not be an objective , but i want a hc free for all so god damned bad ! 	i actually liked blitz . i just hated waiting by the enemy goal to run in 
yup ! or just man up and ask somebody to take your picture . 	seriously , with how fat people are these day who 's afraid of someone running off with their phone or camera ? 
believe it or not , the use of selfie sticks is actually a very hot topic in the museum community internationally . 	it makes me wonder if the go pro mount is treated the same as a selfie stick in this case . 
every person i saw holding one looked like the biggest moron i can imagine . i 'd rather not have a picture than look like one of those people . or i can buy the postcard . 	yup ! or just man up and ask somebody to take your picture . 
where does it end ? ban people with long arms ? 	now we 're going to oppress long arm - kin ? 
it is awesome ! the picture is truly beautiful ! 	haha great that you are happy with the sunrise ! 
what were you in japan for ? 	i was doing an internship at a tea farm in kyoto for a few months . it was expensive for sure but something i 'll never forget . 
i know i 'm just worried . i feel guilty and bad 	that 's normal . go , get an accountability partner , get to work . if you stumble , stand up , dust yourself off , repent , and try again . 
like prepared for you , or frozen boxed food like substance ? 	i think op means a meal plan generator . 
slight correction , it 's september 15 . 	your right , my mistake 
only when fueled by tears . 	and blood . 
how do i find this out ? 	do you have one breaker box in your home or do you have multiple ? if you only have one your good to go .   
tried it , did n't work . 	are you sure ? i 've done it multiple times in full screen too . 
i 'm trying . my planes did work for a year but i 'm getting bombed now . i 'm working my ass off to get to nukes before they do and nuke berlin , rome and paris . 	nuking paris will not help your war effort , target the important german cities , they have way more industry . paris would be a waste and so would be rome if it was n't in a separate country 
i was actually intending to buy the special edition , then selling the actual game itself . 	i was thinking about that , and i might do that if the console does n't come to the us . 
i really hope that 's the case . 	same i do n't mind the half size arm but the full size is sooooo much nicer . 
i apologize , i have no idea how that relates to jaden smith xd 	how can the metal gear solid 5 ps4 be real if our eyes arent ? 
as a pc gamer , i 'd buy the console if it came to america for that plus being able to get the replica arm . and i guess for the console exclusives too that i 'd be interested in playing . 	i was actually intending to buy the special edition , then selling the actual game itself . 
ah , thanks . do n't know why i forgot that . 	well , it did n't happen in real time , so it 's easy to forget . 
it was fixed in the last beta build , so i assume it 's fixed on live . 	that 's nice to know , i have n't had the time to play very recently . 
never heard that one before .  and it 's not my fault my job has me work weekends . 	i can play at my job . 
i can play at my job . 	lucky you . i work outdoors getting exercise by doing heavy lifting .  actually quite fun . 
how do you know if someone was trying to pause glitch you ? they could be pausing the game to look at your lineup . 	pretty sure if you hit resume game and they try the glitch it comes out of the pause right away . 
i want a space blanket . 	not sure how that would look but count me in ! 
lgr is a huge fan of simcity type games so it will be interesting if this is the simcity 5 that fans are hoping for . 	he seemed to like it , and personally i think the built in mod support will make it huge . 
nobody is bashing the fact that it runs at 1080p 60fps , they are bashing the fact that this is actually a selling point for a game on consoles when 1080p 60fps has been the standard for years . 	relative to other console games though , i think it 's notable . 
yeah . best game of the console generation is the remake of the last of us . simply because it 's a good title now running at 1080p and 60 fps . 	been meaning to get that one and replay it on ps4 . my biggest complaint of the original was shitty framerates and low resolution . 
and ? that does n't make it a selling point of a game . 	given that 1080p 60fps games are in the minority this gen , it is a selling point . 
false . the gpu in the ps4 is not a mobile gpu . 	but it does however use a custom jaguar gpu and multiple low powered tablet cpu 's ? if memory served right ?   
there are brothers in here with less than 1080p monitors and computers that ca n't hit that golden mark . 	and ? that does n't make it a selling point of a game . 
whether or not it should n't be is completely irrelevant . selling points are offering things your competitors ca n't , and 1080p 60fps console games are the minority . 	fair enough , but it 's still a nonsense selling point for platforms that ca n't keep up with the basic standards of media since the mid to late 00s . 
i am not telling your supporters , i am suggesting . i doubt that the entire section of 121 does not care what an outsider thinks . 	trust me , they really dont give a shit . i know from personal experience , just trying to save you from an awkward situation . 
there are many supporters who care about building atmosphere and helping your team win . 	then they can join 121 and help build it ! easy as that . 
why do you say the amish are anti - sex ? 	cause of how conservative they are and the whole 'no premarital sex thing 'i do realize that this rule is broken often , but still . 
fuck yes ! integra sedans all day ! keep us updated . 	will do , just got the new fender in from vancouver today , i 'll post pics of it installed tomorrow . 
please pass this . it would make me feel something about texas i have n't felt in awhile ; pride . 	perhaps you 'd be happier in a liberal state ? 
as someone who 's had the police try to steal my car , this is great news . 	story ? 
i ca n't speak for all of us , but i love david simpson . 	if more republicans were like him , this state would be a lot better off . 
perhaps you 'd be happier in a liberal state ? 	maybe we 'd all just be happier if our lawmakers did n't pass terrible legislation . this bill is a good place to start . 
still me , went on my browser sorry for being an asshole ! useful sidebar btw ! 	your a dumbass , reread my comment 
no , but you can get some of the light stds just from the remaining urine on the toilet seat touching your penis by accident ! 	how many times have you dipped your dick in someone else 's piss ? i ca n't imagine the person who is dirty enough to do that getting laid . or not already having an std . 
the traditional 3 - panel strip format of a qi joke :  1 . joke setup 2 . joke punchline 3 . stephen fry laughing 	well if we do n't see the other guy laughing , how will we know to laugh ? 
then you must buy wards , die in every teamfight , and then make a reddit post about how supports are under - appreciated . 	do n't forget to add how playing support and creating space is a million times more difficult than just right clicking creeps and heroes ! 
me and my friend just threw a huge lead the other day at 4 . 3 team mmr , let me tell you , 3 . 5k does not mean they know how to finish a game . 	yeah , sometimes i throw too , im only 3 , 8 . however i play with friends that are low 2k and let me tell you , a game will always go past an hour . 
abandon team , make it 3 vs 7 	abandoned heroes actively work against your team ? 
i mean , you should always have a tp no matter what past 10 minutes or so . 	sorry , i meant carry tp for purposes of joining fight , rather than escaping or going to another lane to farm . 
unite with the other two people who were among the first three to pick in flaming the last two to pick for ruining the draft . 	what if i pick a carry that be played as a support was going to play as support ? 
no worries man , cheers for listening ! 	out of curiosity , about how many downloads are you guys getting per episode ? if you do n't want to share , i understand ! also , what are your general server costs ? 
nice ! i 'm a class of '99 grad . what about you ?  also , how would the username have given you away ? 	a lot of people in or around my graduating class would have known me by the same name haha . i was class of 09 . so like class of 08 - 11 know me by my username . 
i used four different greens . there is a light one and two darker ones . which are you asking about ? 	the darkest one . it looks super green . forest green maybe ? 
just change computer engineering to software engineering , will likely get you past the screens , and they are close enough where a recruiter likely wo n't know the difference even if they check 	change what part of computer engineering to software engineering ?  there is no major called software engineering in my school , and it seems like a really easy way to get caught . 
your body is something that one could stare for hours ! if i saw this in the morning you would be late for work everyday . at least five minutes late ! : p 	2 minutes late , look at that ass again 
note : can also use a kitkat 	or a the inferior chit - chat . 
planetside 2 . buckle up . it 's a hell - of - a ride and free to play 	i 've been trying my best to play ps2 , but it seems like a hell of a learning curve . i 'll keep trying though . thanks for the suggestion ! 
no one likes russians dude . they are the scum of the earth . 	you speak for all of humanity ? 
i do n't know . his lack of any reaction whatsoever could mean he either sees this thing all the time or just does n't care . 	or he 's unable to grasp what the fuck just happened ? sit down with your armchair doctorate degree . 
dumbass . if only he didnt die that woulda been a life lesson on touching wires knowing if they 're hot or not . like c 'mon dude ? 	he 's just a kid , dude . chill . how many kids actually stop and think about that type of shit ? 
his friend is gonna need some therapy . 	shock therapy ? 
it 's so hard to have sympathy for this kind of shit . there 's no amount of signs or warnings to stop them , so let em drop i guess . 	i have sympathy . kids are dumb . it 's sad to me that he made a really bad decision and it cost him his life at fucking 14 . guess i 'm weird like that . 
i do n't know . his lack of any reaction whatsoever could mean he either sees this thing all the time or just does n't care . 	pretty sure the kid was in shock . if you saw your friend fall to his death you 'd probably be pretty speechless too . 
no one likes russians dude . they are the scum of the earth . 	and you 're obviously the shining bright light among the shitty shitty darkness ! go drink some dick milk . 
looks like he was trying to use his hoodie to cover his hand when grabbing the wire . 	serious question . would any sort of clothing give you any protection from grabbing a powerline ? 
just too russian to survive . 	much like russia itself ! 
i love how nobody can take a joke . i can watch a kid fall to his death but i flinch a little sarcasm . whatever . 	we all got the joke . it just was n't funny . 
seems a bit excessive to reheat pizza like this , why not just bake it ? 	i actually put some olive oil in my cast iron skillet and then bake that . best of both worlds .  you should , however , get a skillet that the pizza will actually fit in 
seems a bit excessive to reheat pizza like this , why not just bake it ? 	i 've never tried baking it , but this way makes pizza better than fresh . it makes the bottom perfectly crispy , while bringing the rest of the slice up to a delicious temperature . 
i love doing this . my wife keeps re - heating pizza in the microwave , i would rather eat it cold . 	same here . heating it in the pan gets it so crispy and delicious . 
i actually put some olive oil in my cast iron skillet and then bake that . best of both worlds .  you should , however , get a skillet that the pizza will actually fit in 	or at least get pizza that 's small enough to fit . 
oh man that picture of the canal makes me crave for a skating rink mod . it would be fantastic to see cims skate across a canal or lake . 	seasons in general would be super cool . imagine having to deal with snow removal in the winter ? o . o  
i like taylor hall , he 's quick with a hard and accurate shot . 	using hall on my 3rd line , does well there . 
nice picture . did he survive the war ? i suppose the chances depend on when exactly he was on the eastern front . 	yes , he did survive the war , but i never met him .  this particular pic was taken on christmas 1940 
yes , he did survive the war , but i never met him .  this particular pic was taken on christmas 1940 	that 's good i 'm glad to hear it , he was a lucky man ! 
depending on your situation it might be smart not to . if your parents are very conservative or religious it could be bad but if they 're open minded to the idea than go for it . 	not even then , unless they are lgbt activists it 's always going to be a thin ice to walk on , it 's better to tell that to them when you are prepared for their backlash if it comes to it . 
damn that thing sure looks nice and by the size of the bite you 've taken it must 've tasted great ! 	they could kind of pass as mega - sliders since the rolls are smaller than your average sized bun , but delicious nonetheless . 
haha thanks man . i worked hard for them . not really at all recently but i did at some point . 	i really only work out when i 'm locked up , but im always telling myself i need to start again 
did you have to slide to get the clean shot ? 	yep , slid and looked left . managed to hit f12 just at the right time . 
or , when someone enters the mod , they ca n't see their warframe model , and only see the weapon instead . 	but then would n't you just see a floating gun ? or if it were just the arms and they were angled properly that might work 
so i would need to finish chapter 2 before i could upgrade my cats to level 20 ? 	during chapter 1 and 2 , your standard max levels are 10 . but once you use silver ticket you can straight away upgrade to 20 . but it 's not recommended at because 10 is enough for chapter 2 . 
yes it is , but it 's accessible by everything else besides fire and health . 	i believe the effective radius is calculated in length by them having to drive around the other way they run out of length . 
do you play games ? 	yes every day , just built a pc specifically for gaming 
reddit gold ! : d 	oh my , there 's not a thing i would n't do for that precious stuff ! 
i got the email on tuesday and set the line up yesterday .  oh , and chase elliott is on the c - list drivers . 	c - list ? i added him yesterday as my d - list driver .  edit : im retarded . hes c - list . i need to get my eyes checked . been a couple years . 
one can only hope they 're closing it . such horrible behavior from what i assume are supposed to be adults . 	it 's a truly terrible place 
top kek , get a fuckin life 	i 've got a great one ! i live a healthy life style 
fat people it seems . 	fat people judge others as often as thin people do . 
one can only hope they 're closing it . such horrible behavior from what i assume are supposed to be adults . 	it 's a shit subreddit . i got outright banned for making a sarcastic comment . i did n't realize they took things so seriously over there . 
great . til even the thin ones can be fatties . thanks for the heads up . 	most of your fat is inside your body surrounding your organs . you can have a crazy high body fat percentage and be pretty thin . 
well , yeah , of course . you also get more souls from killing enemies . but i tought that was already implied . 	it kinda sucks tho cause i doubt my weapon will get much better : p so im left to assume in the chalice dungeons ill find super weapons ? 
she or he means a multiverse crossover . marvel has n't really done anything involving multiverse . 	marvel does n't need a multiverse , they 're actually organized enough and thoughtful enough with their creative decisions that they 've been able to have everything exist in one universe . 
they 're both really boring but the quality of the shows does n't have anything to do with the point i made . 	actually it does . the reason those shows arent great is because they are part of a larger universe and thus have to maintain continuity and ca n't use characters reserved for the movies . 
good thing i already knew that happened because i havent read that far into the post movies eu . 	sorry about that did n't think of it as a major spoiler , still really good view of a sith lord . 
go to menu , then go to game options , then the audio tab , then turn the music down . 	but then the ingame music will be soft . 
but like the discomfort i feel when baked watching wilfred puts me more in ryan 's shoes , you know ? helps me empathize and feel immersed in the viewing experience . 	hmmm that makes sense , i 'll give it another try 
i watched that a few nights ago and i was straight confused haha what if wilfred really is a dog ! 	you do n't even know half the story friend , i 'll recommend you to keep watching as it is an awesome show 
prime 3 . its the easiest of the prime games and probably the most visually interesting . fusion would probably be too hard or frustrating . i have no experience with zero mission . 	arin gets motion sick from fps 's though , and danny only operates in 2d space . 
did anyone else read this question and automatically think uber 's people are brainstorming ad ideas ? 	that would be like google posting to ask what websites people like to visit . uber has much better information already . 
can someone explain what exactly is going on in this gif , for those of us who do n't watch sports ? is it good or bad that the puck got knocked away from those two players ? 	some bitch got her face cut , diminishing said bitches value . 
hitlers regime admitted there were problems with fascism ? news to me . 	there was significant political dissent in nazi germany , but with sufficient control of power , and the ability to influence general opinion through media , it was n't a major hindrance . 
you can only use 25 followers . there 's no point saving those items . 	personally i recruit a new follower every week and power level it up to 100 epic . now i have around 6 active treasure hunters and a bunch of scavengers and all that good stuff . 
you can only use 25 followers . there 's no point saving those items . 	until the next time they increase follower item level . which is why i save them . 
do you think memphis and atlanta are close enough that there would be a significant number of fans traveling back and forth between the cities for the games ? 	the drive between memphis and atlanta is a very dull 6 hours through alabama and mississippi . it 's exhausting to drive so long and see so little . so it 's possible , but not probable . 
if the mavericks end up eliminated , i 'd love to see the spurs go on and then get destroyed by the hawks . 	pop seems to have the hawks figured out , but i would n't be heartbroken if coach bud ultimately does the spurs in . 
any team that 's not really supposed to be there . i 'd rather an underdog win than a powerhouse like golden state or the cavs . 	i get gsw and cle have had great years but i do n't think you can be a powerhouse if you have n't won a championship in over 3 decades . 
just ride through the winter ? buy some cold gear and go riding . 	i would but i 'm afraid of crazy drivers on the roads in winter lol . plus i tried riding in the winter and my current bike is n't up to the task , i keep sliding and it feels dangerous . 
i would but i 'm afraid of crazy drivers on the roads in winter lol . plus i tried riding in the winter and my current bike is n't up to the task , i keep sliding and it feels dangerous . 	winter riding can be tricky to figure out , but it 's really not too bad . they are n't exactly cheap , but you could invest in studded tires . winter miles bring summer smiles ! 
woah this is awesome ! i love how the moon 's shadow whips across the planet , that 's crazy ! 	eclipse ! 
not every nb looks like a dad shoe . 	not trying to salt your game . everyone has their flavor . these have dope leather ; that 's why i clicked on them . i like classic adidas , which some people find clunky . 
i do n't have any cables for the raid card .  google wallet is fine with me . 	just sent payment . thanks ! 
just sent payment . thanks ! 	purchase confirmed . received a few days ago 
young , friendly , smart . you look like someone who always tries to be nice to others . also this could totally be used for an ad for residence halls on campus , props . 	i do like being nice to others . thanks for your kind words ! 
this sadly is one of the problems with how public transportation is perceived . a lot more people would use it if they did n't have to deal with homeless people and the low - classes of society . 	the homeless have no where else to go . the bus provides a warmer , more comfortable and safer place to rest than they could find elsewhere . 
the racist guy at 5 : 10 - what an absolute piece of shit . there 's something seriously wrong with someone who can treat another human being like that . 	that was surprising . i am sure this guy would not spout out that crap during some other time of day with a different audience . regardless , guy sucks . 
the homeless have no where else to go . the bus provides a warmer , more comfortable and safer place to rest than they could find elsewhere . 	am i wrong though ? do people chose not to use public transportation because of this image ? 
except i 'm 32 and not in my 20 's . my life is n't getting any better . 	32 is still young . life is long and short but you do n't have a crystal ball . i know it 's peaks and valleys in life . 
the racist guy at 5 : 10 - what an absolute piece of shit . there 's something seriously wrong with someone who can treat another human being like that . 	yea that guy was a jerk , he acted like he owned the bus or something . 
i really would n't care if that happened .   i 'm only on season 1 of mlp , but so far it 's good . not sure why people hate the show so much . 	because of the fandom .  it 's one of those series that are really really good , but people get turned off by the rabid fandom . 
finally just because we like symmetry in our arms we 'll do some forearm curls , forearm squats , and forearm presses . 	of course . no one should neglect forearms to have balanced body . 
i forgot about cleans ! theyre one of the best , its just fun to work em with light weight . 	and if you want to get really adventurous you can do a snatch . also one of my favorite lifts . 
wasnt that the title of breaking bad season 3 episode 6 ? 	haha could be , i have yet to watch that series . 
maybe he 's counting her plants since they do damage over time in a certain area as opposed to burst damage . 	if you only have to cast the spell once , and it hits for damage multiple times non - simultaneously , i think it basically counts as a dot . 
come tailgate at lot 11 with the supporter groups ! 	i second this . they also have a ton of merch tents and various areas around the citrus bowl with plenty to do . but lot 11 is the way to go 
a fair fight is one in which someone made a mistake .  i 'm going to paste this on my monitor frame . 	yo is this from the art of war ? 
yeah , that shit was so damn awkward to watch . 	and it raised so many damn questions ! like how the hell did she make it into the locked water tank ? 
a hair cut would seriously work wonders for you , man . 	cheers , i 've been thinking of getting it shorter , but not short short . 
what is the game length you play on ? because i always concede goals at the end of the first half or later and then i get panicked and want to score because my game length is only 7 minutes . 	i play on 10 mins wc using a slightly tweaked orion 's sliders and i find it to be plenty of time for everything . his sliders are great if you 've never ran across them . 
yep definitely was the start of a clip with multiple attempts . 	cool . i actually still use the suros in pvp so this is interesting news for me ! thanks dude i 'll check it out tonight . 
well i did n't put off a fact maybe she is n't just as good with words or having a hard time expressing herself . i 'll just have to learn a way to approach her on this matter 	you should dump her . it hurts when people talk like that and she 's deliberately doing it to hurt you . she 's messed up if she says those things to you 
meaning ? what do you mean ? it means she 's going to continue to make you miserable . are you enjoying this ? if not , why are you with her ? 	well i did n't put off a fact maybe she is n't just as good with words or having a hard time expressing herself . i 'll just have to learn a way to approach her on this matter 
is it too late to request an extension ? 	well if you did n't file a return yet , yes it is . if you did then you 'll just have to amend your return . 
i will after you gift me omega squad teemo senpai . 	gift me 5 of those , then i 'll give you os teemo , then you can gift me the rest . 
hey , this is great ! shows more that you know how to manage your food better and that your habits are changing ! and that 's the whole point of everything , right ? 	absolutely , i really feel like i 've made a life change now . if i can be on vacation and eat at my maintenance goal without thinking about it , then something has definitely changed inside . 
lebron sweeping celtics at first round makes you hate him more ? 	tell me when cleveland does jack in any sport champ ! 
great , cavs fan talking trash in this sub . as if we needed another reason to hate lebron and the cavs . 	lebron sweeping celtics at first round makes you hate him more ? 
i was going to guess money . 	when you are unhappy , suddenly the money is n't worth it . i took a pay cut to work at my current job , and i had no issue with doing this because it was less stress . 
one 's online experience is usually defined by the kinds of people they end up playing with , though . 	that is very true though , there are always the few people who like to ruin the fun of everyone 
it really , really depends on the game . 	lets say a game like dead of winter ? 
i remember back in like 2008 or something i had a computer that would randomly turn itself on at night . scared the living shut out of me and i had to unplug it every night . 	that 's really scary as fuck 
hello , esea community manager here . i have some esea trial codes if you want to give it a try . 	wow , ok ! : d but i was planning on getting my friend into it too . could you send them in a pm ? 
i figured it would be the same and i like the way the xbox one controller feels . i tried playing goat simulator with it and it worked like a charm . 	if you prefer the feel and it works fine , i guess no worries there . just thought the higher price would be a deal breaker . 
wattage is fine . quality of psu is acceptable but not ideal . 	what would be a better psu for me ? gold level corsair ? 
it is the dumbest illness ever ; on the surface everything is fine but underneath i feel so near death . thank you for your kindness 	you 're very welcome i have felt like this and it sucks when you feel like you have no one to turn to 
i have to 3 - star everything to unlock it ? 	no , i think it 's just gold - trophy everything 
maybe read the dozen other identical posts to yours , or think for a minute . both options 	let 's play a game called go fuck yourself . 
let 's play a game called go fuck yourself . 	he does make a fair point though . it 's all over the front page of this subreddit . 
lawrie could have ripped his knee up and just say he is fine there , he is a tough sonofabitch . canadian blood , those fuckers are tough . 	have you seen his ass ? it 's art 
i 'm gonna get extra drunk at his point . hot takes : bullpen sucks , right - handed platoon sucks , melvin sucks , a 's , well , you know . 	you could melt steel beams with those takes . 
white sox and royals are playing in crazy rain . i have no idea why they 're still playing . 	it 's going to have to be the umpires who delay the game , because i do n't see either of those two teams backing down an inch right now . 
white sox and royals are playing in crazy rain . i have no idea why they 're still playing . 	oh man , i 'd love to see them brawl in pouring rain , just slipping and falling all over each other . we could put it to circus music ! 
no i mean honestly pick a guy dude . most of them ca n't do it .  yost has the best bullpen in the biz he does n't count 	terry collins is doing a hell of a job , so is girardi right now . that is off the top of my head , i do t have time to look up stats . i do know there are plenty of guys who do it far better . 
exactly an hour into the game it 's the fifth inning . pace of play 	pace of fucking play .  should n't be this crazy , but hey quicker games are quicker games 
pace of fucking play .  should n't be this crazy , but hey quicker games are quicker games 	btw , that shark trade you just accepted sucks . 
fight me irl . but on the real can one team just end this ? 	no , i suppose we play till the bart stops .  shit though we just used our position players 
he ca n't be its in his bloody contract 	cut him . 
do bears annoy exclusively bartenders ? 	yes . every person killed by a bear has been a bartender at one point in their life . 
i see , i think that would be a wise thing to do , as i am not the type of person to flat out reject someone , shit hurts , yo ! 	i agree with him . we could be setting you up with your future wife for all we know : d 
i prefer drank , and i would n't be out doing that . i 'd rather be at home so if i wanted to nap i could . 	i get anxiety and paranoia hard because of the type of weed i get and the amount sometime . so this helped me just chill . i was n't tired till i got home late 
sjw 's do n't thrive in the real world . that 's why they try to take their shit online . 	i think that clashes pretty strongly with the radical feminist narrative the people seem to accept in real life , especially on college campuses . 
main reason i would n't risk it is fear of being targeted with violence for doing so . there 's a yt vid of a guy posting mra posters in edmonton getting threatened with a box cutter  	all the more reason to travel in groups . safety in numbers . otherwise be prepared and equipped to face psychos 
you do n't favor her over the brunette in the blue shirt next to her do you ?  2nd from left girl in fawkes mask is supreme tho 	the blonde has a backside . a rare encounter . 
sweet mercy , that blonde . 	you do n't favor her over the brunette in the blue shirt next to her do you ?  2nd from left girl in fawkes mask is supreme tho 
i would imagine that 's the end of current c . 	wal - mart will still push it like crazy . i could be wrong , but i do n't see them changing their mind so easily . 
so that means the credit card can be added to apple pay now too right ? 	that is up to citi bank .  edit : why downvote me ? 
and also the random tasks that pop up . mine just asked me to send homer to watch monkey trauma center marathon . no way i 'm starting that one now . 	it 's like when the game tells you to grow moonshine when you 're 2 days into a corn growing job . 
milhouse and bart will wait another 28 days for that sleepover . 	lol i thought the same thing . my task book is on hold until this event is done . 
and also the random tasks that pop up . mine just asked me to send homer to watch monkey trauma center marathon . no way i 'm starting that one now . 	milhouse and bart will wait another 28 days for that sleepover . 
i really would n't want to be on that jury 	yeah any of these sort of cases would be so tough to be on the jury for . some of the evidence would be pretty disturbing and i imagine some people are pretty affected by it afterwards . 
if there 's one thing we can conclude about him wanting his victim 's teeth out , it 's that he has a massive cock . 	you 're so edgy mate 
yes i would be able to . just trade me something you no longer want that was hatched or caught in that game . 	ok , let me switch games because i have a pokemon in my x from it . 
is that a bagel ? 	hahaha , pork roll that has been seared . 
it 's just the complex that 's nice . the wal - mart is still shitty , i once saw a lady in there with a ferret in her hood . 	dude ferrets are cool as fuck . 
that is the only place in canada i 've been . what 's that huge ass garden called ? it 's awesome ! very beautiful city indeed . 	huge ass garden is a staple of our small city . 
that actually surprises me . i thought things would be different for this special wal - mart but they also have the same business plan no matter what country they build one in . 	well i mean , its only 4 or 5 years old , so its not dated in there , but the cement floors are n't the most welcoming 
if you are all talking about the lot right next to the parking garage thing its going to be a whole - foods or what ever that grocery store is called . 	so they 'll have whole foods , wal - mart , and a save - on all within 4 - 5 minutes walking distance ?  okay . 
victoria , bc , canada .  beautiful city 	that is the only place in canada i 've been . what 's that huge ass garden called ? it 's awesome ! very beautiful city indeed . 
then why did you say it is the nicest if you know it is shit like all the rest of them ? 	he said it 's the nicest he 's seen . maybe he does n't go to out of town walmarts 
it 's just the complex that 's nice . the wal - mart is still shitty , i once saw a lady in there with a ferret in her hood . 	yeah thats true . you can make wal mart look pretty on the outside , but inside its still just a shitty wal mart 
kmart is actually quite popular and well stocked in australia . their products are cheap but not too bad . 	kmart australia was sold off by the main kmart way back in 1979 already . totally different company . they get to use the same logo . 
that 's a pretty crisp photo . what was used to take the shot , a real camera or a cell phone ? 	its a cellphone . lg something something . the cameras nice , phones kinda shitty 
i would love to be able to move to canada . if only it wer n't so expensive and cold . 	it 's basically been shorts weather since january here 
but hey , they 've definitely used the wal - mart money to make the immediate area significantly less shifty . crystal bridges is pretty fantastic . 	yes they have . they 've given a lot back to the community in nw arkansas . 
walmart museum ? what the hell is there ? a display on how they busted unions ? 	nobody 's really sure , because all the labels on all the exhibits are written in chinese . 
biggest walmart in canada though . 	isnt the one up in duncan bigger ? or maybe its just biggest due to the 2nd floor ? 
am i the only one who has never been to a dirty walmart ? or is this just a circlejerk i 'm not in on ? 	in canada almost all walmarts are clean . i have never seen a dirty or gross one , that includes at least 20 different ones . 
then why did you say it is the nicest if you know it is shit like all the rest of them ? 	just because it 's a turd does n't mean it 's not the nicest turd he 's ever seen 
not even close , its just as sad and depressing as you 'd expect 	that actually surprises me . i thought things would be different for this special wal - mart but they also have the same business plan no matter what country they build one in . 
it 's just the complex that 's nice . the wal - mart is still shitty , i once saw a lady in there with a ferret in her hood . 	enough about the awesome stuff , tell us about the shitty part . 
the ceo and coo were definitley more friendly and understanding .  even if they did discriminate against short people . 	i do n't know if this is true or not but now you have me thinking and looking back i do n't know that i have seen anyone under 5 '5 working at walmart . 
it 's just the complex that 's nice . the wal - mart is still shitty , i once saw a lady in there with a ferret in her hood . 	i once found a ziplock bag of ham on a clearance rack , not even in the grocery section . 
the fitness center is awesome , if you work for wm you and your family can go for free . 	wish my town had this ! where is it again ? victoria what ? 
yes but what 's crap is that the walmart on walton is awful compared to ones in any other city , you 'd think it would be their crown jewel store . 	exactly ! i absolutely loathe going to that store . right across the street from their corporate headquarters and it 's one of the worst walmarts around . 
glad i have your vote in 2016 ! 	i 'll write you in the ballot buddy 
this is in uptown shopping centre . the door under the walmart logo leads to walmart only . 	yes , but that square is n't just for wal - mart . it is for that part of the shopping center .  p . s . i love these arguments , so no hard feelings . 
it 's probably something walmart had to agree to to get a store in the city .  a lot of cities flat out do not want walmarts . 	burbank fought building one for 3 years and won . l . a . fights them , there are a few in the entire city . 
we got a cm which lasted a few days , in december and then nothing ever again 	i thought that was in november ? your point stands . 
it 's just the complex that 's nice . the wal - mart is still shitty , i once saw a lady in there with a ferret in her hood . 	what you got against ferrets man , their little badasses . 
only thing missing is a wal - mart suicide hotline . 	they 're saving up for walmart suicide booths . they get paid to do the deed and then they can sell the body . all profit all the time . 
how do you get your shit to the car ? 	there 's an escalator and elevator to parking above and below that 's kind of hard to see in the picture near the entrance . 
yeah thats true . you can make wal mart look pretty on the outside , but inside its still just a shitty wal mart 	then why did you say it is the nicest if you know it is shit like all the rest of them ? 
yep they 're all garbage on the inside . 	not all walmarts are created equal . went to one in indiana and it was like a kmart . my home walmart in virginia is actually really nice . they carried different levels of goods too 
it 's just the complex that 's nice . the wal - mart is still shitty , i once saw a lady in there with a ferret in her hood . 	went into the women 's washroom in there about a month ago , shit smeared all over the handicap stall . definitely prettier on the outside than the inside . 
i would love to be able to move to canada . if only it wer n't so expensive and cold . 	if you do n't like the cold then victoria is the best part to move to . if we even get snow at all it 's for like 3 days in february . 
this is weird . first , i live by that wal - mart . second , i used to date a girl that liked to go shopping with her ferrets .  i 'm wondering if it might be the same person . 	i 'd say the chances are pretty high . 
victoria , bc , canada .  beautiful city 	was gonna say , looks like the new uptown mall that took ages to build . 
it 's just the complex that 's nice . the wal - mart is still shitty , i once saw a lady in there with a ferret in her hood . 	this is weird . first , i live by that wal - mart . second , i used to date a girl that liked to go shopping with her ferrets .  i 'm wondering if it might be the same person . 
what about a dead pigeon ? huh ? 	i live in phx , why are we up right now ? 
you mean public ridicule of mentally disabled is n't nearly as bad as the shit you see on the news like rape and murder ? wow , that 's a fucking profound observation there , sherlock . 	looks like i struck a nerve . i guess i shouldnt be surprised if the word retard offends you that much 
at least i did n't murder or rape you . that would be way more fucked up . 	calling a retarded person retarded is no more fucked up that calling an ugly person ugly and a stupid person stupid . 
the people getting offended over someone else 's use of a word are cry babies . 	the person being offensive just to hurt other people is an asshole and an idiot .  i 'm not offended by that word btw . but if you do n't know why someone would be then you 're pretty dumb . 
ohh , that makes sense . i wondered if the market units only were added randomly or if the ai actually bought them . never realized that ! 	i wonder if the ai start off with mercenary market because they are buying units far too early , the amounts they are paying check out though 
maybe it 's just my opinion , but that music is crap . also , i ca n't help but imagine an 18 year old white boy driving that thing , especially with the music playing . 	yeah i do n't like the song either but its what he wanted . yeah haha he is graduating this year . 
that rocky theme song when he trains : p 	works so well , the best motivation music . 
sjw ? lol no not that , what you 're looking for is decent human being . you do n't realize that you are the only one who sounds like a twat . you 're not wrong , but you are an asshole . 	and ? take a chill pill and listen to some music , bruh . 
why would anyone do a private sale ? unless you have lots of money to burn sure . 	because real estate agent commission ! 
i detest when strangers and real estate agents come to my house and ask if it is for sale . does it look like its for sale ? it has happened over 7 times in the last year . 	my doorbell stopped working two years ago . i just never bothered to fix it . 
you asked why would anyone do a private sale . they do a private sale because they do n't want to pay real estate agent commission fees . 	so if you had a house would you do a private sale in this market ? 
so if you had a house would you do a private sale in this market ? 	yep .  sign on the lawn with detailed take away flyer , website , share through social media .  i ai n't paying an agent 20 - 25 grand for a week 's work .   
fred phelps is dead . 	he was also excommunicated prior to his death . 
you should n't have contacted the thieves first , you could 've contacted a news reporter , a police officer , a lawyer , their boss . all better options . 	agreed . it 's probably smashed and thrown in the trash by now . contact police first with location info . much better chance of getting something back . 
i 'm not home right now . we can discuss further and i can send pics later tonight 	no problem , just send me pics when you can and then we can move over to pm 
i know it 's repetitive , but this way there 's no way it can be misconstrued , and i requested feedback because i figure that means someone has to read it . 	that 's the right idea but you need to send it to the right person ! email the same thing to state representatives , not national ones 
i know it 's repetitive , but this way there 's no way it can be misconstrued , and i requested feedback because i figure that means someone has to read it . 	numbers matter , man ! 
really ? because op specifically mentions the hands and the clean design , in addition to the step counter . 	lol nvm yeah op is just making connections that are n't there . 
op is talking about the step counter that looks just like the apple watch fitness app circle ui  edit : nvm 	really ? because op specifically mentions the hands and the clean design , in addition to the step counter . 
that looks like a store sticker , see if you can find a serial number inside the body .  edit : or on the back of the head 	thanks for the help everyone . any idea how to approach getting inside the body ? 
i am indeed playing in a pc . do you know how to do it ? 	play the game its meant to be played , yes it saves but you cannot save it yourself dont glitch the game because when you do kill the boss it will be that much rewarding . 
i do n't know those are some crazy delts , but everything else seems kinda small 	here we go , the delt police idiots are on every single thread . 
could be the worst possible result for us . last thing we need is to turn up expecting a win , when they have something to prove . 	worst possible result is a bit of a stretch do n't you think ? also , if hull beat spurs villa could well get relegated on goal difference . 
afaik bernie is still a capitalist . he just wants to slap a nice face on it a la scandinavia . 	capitalism is a tool - like fire . fire everywhere is bad . fire where it 's useful is great . fire extinguishers are good to have . 
that is a super badass story for such a silly nickname . 	just imagine a big 6 ft 3 white guy . and his name is flower . people make fun of my name until they see me . it 's like the name tiny . 
the latter in particular , and has he thought that , you know , the people who are elected are sometimes the least worst thing that could happen ? 	i know this guy , i do n't think he thinks all that much . 
but soup frog ? 	refers to the meme of kermit drinking tea saying something along the lines of : but that is none of my business 
i 'm convinced that jordan 's demeanor is n't an act as some people claim and conan just likes fucking with him . 	he breaks character ever so slightly near the end in the couples counseling video . before that , i thought it was actually how he was too . 
he definitely in on the acts obviously , but yah i do n't think he needs to act hard at all to play along . 	apparently he 's normally like this irl but exaggerated a bit for the videos 
i 'm convinced that jordan 's demeanor is n't an act as some people claim and conan just likes fucking with him . 	he definitely in on the acts obviously , but yah i do n't think he needs to act hard at all to play along . 
apparently he 's normally like this irl but exaggerated a bit for the videos 	i 'm guessing a lot is done in editing . it 's probably edited to exaggerate his personality . 
it 's an act you can see him break character sometimes and laugh . 	he laughs a lot during the coffee machine episode . 
i know right . that photo guy has the best job ever . just get a bunch of free to use images on the web 	and then he has to find out who holds the copyright to those images and get permission to use them on the show . 
killing someone that pisses me off . how could it be wrong when it feels so right ? 	 why is it that if a man kills another man in battle it 's called heroic , yet if he kills a man in the heat of passion it 's called murder . 
you want to be a po but you ca n't stop smoking illegal drugs ? this might not end well for you in here . 	no , my concern is n't stopping . my concern is how it 'll be perceived assuming i apply in a year or so . 
the mechanism surrounding the tumbler was completely obliterated . its a wip and i 'm loving it so far 	other than that , looks good man . enjoy it ! 
what happened to the door lock ? 	the mechanism surrounding the tumbler was completely obliterated . its a wip and i 'm loving it so far 
never had this problem , but have you tried compatibility mode ? perhaps if you contact nvidia they can help . 	of course i did , and i highly doubt nvidia would offer support for a 9 year old game . 
any battle anime : kill the character with the long ass transformation or attack that requires ramping up . 	or do n't explain what your power is to your enemy so they ca n't counter it . 
why would it roll over to 0 ? it would roll over to - 128 , assumed a signed 8 bit int . if unsigned , then it could count all the way to 255 . 	yeah , would only make sense if they would n't even use a full byte but just 7 bit , which would be odd . 
why would it roll over to 0 ? it would roll over to - 128 , assumed a signed 8 bit int . if unsigned , then it could count all the way to 255 . 	ah , you may well be right , it just struck me as a remarkably similar number . 
sometimes you can take a fall at just the right height and not taking any damage but it still plays the bone breaking crunch . 	i think it has to do with the sound being played is client side while the actual damage part is server sided . 
i 've got 99 hits , but a bitch ai n't dead 	take another hit , barry bonds 
sometimes you can take a fall at just the right height and not taking any damage but it still plays the bone breaking crunch . 	yep , every round playing as a t on workout id jump off the railing and would hear that sound but have no damage . 
group 3 also . 	thanks ! when we 're done , is it fine if people leave on the train or would you rather end the session ? 
i have about 1 , 000 turnips to sell . may i be apart of group 12 ? if you feel like closing the thread already , as it 's been going on for 4 hours , i understand . 	group 12 open . 
hello ! may i come over and sell ? i only need to take one trip to re - tail 	group 3 open . 
would you mind if i came to your town to sell ? 	i 'll add you to the first group , i 'll give any others around about 5 minutes to join the first group as well but otherwise i 'll let you in . 
i 'm closing this up now , sorry for those who did n't get to sell . 	no worries , thanks for being open 
can i come in and sell ? thanks 	group 5 open . 
i 'd love to come by if you do n't mind . adding you now 	just give me a minute and then you can come in . 
may i join ? 	group 10 open . 
would you mind if i came to your town to sell ? 	gate is open . 
may i come and sell ? you 're added already  	group 8 open . 
hi , may i join ? 	you 're in group 5 . 
can i be part of group 12 ? i 've got 1500 turnips to sell 	group 13 if retail is still open by then . 
may i join ? 	group 10 . 
may i please come to your town to sell ? added you already . 	group 7 open . 
it 's a fantastic keyboard though ! such a solid feel . is the back light just for looks ? or do you not touch type ? 	looks and i do n't always have it on my desk , i use keyboards on the sofa a lot so it helps finding the buttons easier . same for use in bed . 
if we can win 3 in a decade , that is a pretty good decade . considering all of the advantages y 'all have .   	i bet it feels good to look at the header and see a yellow jacket in front of a giant g , does n't it ? 
should n't you have a drop in rankings if your class size is small ? not every player pans out , so having more players should increase the chances of the class being successful . 	i dont disagree in the ranking drop , i 'm just saying that a trend line is n't very interesting to analyze without looking at other factors . 
i bet it feels good to look at the header and see a yellow jacket in front of a giant g , does n't it ? 	more than you know man . 
it 's more like the milk but it 's still delicious 	man i really cannot wait lol . i 've gotten three cereal juices in the past week and i 'm enjoying all of them i 'm hoping to add another one to the list ! i need more variety in my life . 
we literally had this same thread 24 hours ago . you should search by new . lots of responses . 	i did . didnt find what i was looking for . sorry to inconvenience you with my needy post . i will not let it happen again sire . 
one of my tech friends said they had super g urinal cakes . i do n't know if he was serious or not but , i totally believe gt would do something like that 	i do n't think i 've seen urinal cakes but someone did put little uga - faced aiming stickers in our physics building . 
at the end of the day there is respect under the hatred . love the days when michigan loses , but i want them to be good on the long term so the rivalry remains strong . 	man fuck that , i hope you guys do n't win another game for 20 years and you get the uab treatment . 
gt towards uga reaches raging little children yelling at you online levels of rage . the hate is not returned at the same level .   	one of my tech friends said they had super g urinal cakes . i do n't know if he was serious or not but , i totally believe gt would do something like that 
i 'm getting a raging football boner . i miss playing . i 've thought about volunteering as a coach . if i moved back to my hometown , i 'd volunteer at my old school . 	yeah , i was a qc guy for a few years after college . i loved it and would love an opportunity to get back into the business . 
i know we threw fish at notre dame in the 70s . 	apparently the team offered to switch sides with them because our fans were so obnoxious . 
that 's what i do . we have a new intern from gt and we typically just shoot the shit or slip in a fun comment here or there . nothing crazy . 	exactly , a little light ribbing . the thing that bothers me the most is that neither fan base seems to be really football smart , i try to talk football and get nothing but ignorance . 
gt towards uga reaches raging little children yelling at you online levels of rage . the hate is not returned at the same level .   	tis true . i think if we start to win a little more often , then the hate will become more even . 
man fuck that , i hope you guys do n't win another game for 20 years and you get the uab treatment . 	app state . we just won a title . suck my fat dick . good luck . 
oh i have seen them at their worst , and i can understand why you 'd hate them . 	yeah . i see parents just shaking their heads all the time , and they always apologize to opposing fans . it 's unbelievable how little they care about what they say . 
that would be very slow for me . 	to be honest , i would run ahead of her and grab the water at each stop for her . running that much slower than is a natural pace for you can cause injury . 
that 's my concern ! i worry that if i do that it would make her feel bad though . i want it to be a good experience for her . thanks for the input . 	as long as you can maintain good form , running slow will not hurt you . 
note the horned helm . 	lol . horned helm , long sleeves , facial hair . definitely not a noob . 
i have six cats . i 've always wondered how much hair i wind up inhaling or swallowing on a typical day . it might be more then what 's in one of these pills . kind of gross to think about . 	think of all the cat hair pills you could make ! 
the bee thing is not true , so there 's that . 	it is true . the pollen works as a vaccination against the allergies . start taking local raw honey or pollen early in the spring and your symptoms will not appear . 
idc which one of them got in . they both are great players and you ca n't go wrong . i had to dig this up cause i forgot what i commented though 	nah haha people just shit on my comment cause i said korver would make it but i guess that was n't really you 're fault so i apologize for my no chill 
nope . but you can buy the key from amazon and have her activate it on her account that way . 	that 's a great idea ! thank you ! 
you mean cold fusion ? 	i locked a dead cat in a room and brought it back to life do not fucking question me , player . 
aware and intelligent people generally have a dislike for modi , tier 1 cities seem to have the most of those so maybe that 's the reason ? 	delhi ls 2014 :  bjp 7 others 0 
our maryland game was probably the absolute ceiling for this team . with our deficiencies in size and on defense , you 're not going to find a much better performance this year . 	you can count on 12 or more threes in assembly hall against iowa . 
i 'll take a 2 in the west over a 1 in the south any day . 	hell with that bracket i 'd rather be on the bottom half , really do n't want to play sdsu again , at some point they 'll figure out how to beat us . 
they count as tourney games officially , but they are n't really the same experience . sure it might be ok for the school , but it 's shitty for the players . 	dayton is a pretty fun place to play though . 
i 'm glad to see us moving up but i really would n't be crazy about us going to jacksonville . 	i 'm just happy to see us on there ! 
i 'd really like to see uva play iowa state in the tournament . 	i 'm dreading it . the first thing i said when i saw that was fuck 
that 'd be the biggest culture clash in college basketball . it 'd be interesting to see which team 's style dictates the pace . 	easier for a slow team to control pace , but we did get sped up a bit by you guys the other night . definitely would be a great game . 
beating us makes other teams rise in seeding and not us fall ?  this is so cool . what is this feeling ? i 'm so excited ! 	plus , three most handsome coaches all in the east . truly a showdown to remember . 
that 'd be the biggest culture clash in college basketball . it 'd be interesting to see which team 's style dictates the pace . 	i 'm fairly certain they could play half court basketball with uva . they 're one of the few teams who can play fast or slow . 
ugh . i was really hoping we 'd have a five game stretch where we played the as good as we did against maryland . i 'd kill to beat wisconsin tomorrow . 	really ? i mean , i 'd like to think we can play well consistently , but a five game stretch at that level is basically a national championship if it were to happen in march . 
if i 'm kentucky i want no part of texas as an 8 seed . 	maybe oklahoma . a hot drive and kick team is scary to play against no matter how much size you have . 
i 'd really like to see uva play iowa state in the tournament . 	that 'd be the biggest culture clash in college basketball . it 'd be interesting to see which team 's style dictates the pace . 
we 're not in kentucky 's region ? can we just go ahead and lock this in before it changes again ? 	i 'm seriously ready for rick to just tell the committee we do n't want the midwest regional . 
hell with that bracket i 'd rather be on the bottom half , really do n't want to play sdsu again , at some point they 'll figure out how to beat us . 	gonzaga arizona rematch on a neutral court ? that 'd be an awesome game 
ugh . i was really hoping we 'd have a five game stretch where we played the as good as we did against maryland . i 'd kill to beat wisconsin tomorrow . 	our maryland game was probably the absolute ceiling for this team . with our deficiencies in size and on defense , you 're not going to find a much better performance this year . 
yeah lol , because up - and downvotes on reddit decide if riot is doing something or not 	i think he meant his comment , not the post 
who the fuck are we kidding , there were no stars in this massacre 	how about a black hole , you know , remnants of a collapse star ? 
figures in the uk are always quoted pre - tax . same with spain and germany , only italy quotes post - tax numbers . 	good to know . with the super low tax rate in qatar he 's probably making more like triple or quadruple his salary in england . 
someone with about 4 months left on his contract at age 30 . 	i thought we had him through next year as well . 
but wait , mississippi and utah are supposed to be the states we make fun of for their religious values . calling religion stupid is so cool and edgy . 	this is not a result of religious tolerance . salt lake is most likely the most liberal city in utah as well . 
both mississippi and utah are red , strongly socially conservative states . it makes sense that all kinds of couples are interested in raising children . 	exactly . they are family first states so it makes sense that gay couples would continue on with that culture . 
both mississippi and utah are red , strongly socially conservative states . it makes sense that all kinds of couples are interested in raising children . 	social conservatism ideas might also lead to some in the closet marrying and coming out much later down the road with kids . 
that 's awesome man ! congrats ! just watch out for pigs , i 've learned that the hard way . 	oh yeah . they are assholes where i live . i 've gotten i few speeding tickets in my car here for bullshit things like going 5 over 
thanks man , that was constructive . 	wizards is not going to ban a card for power level reasons if it 's not used in the top performing deck . 
care to explain why ? i understand it 's an important piece of keeping combo decks in check , but it often leads to crappy games of magic . 	i play 8 rack and tron .  the latter basically ignores it , and the former feeds off your tears . 
come on , i live in california , and i 'd say this is pretty common knowledge . 	you might be surprised to learn that it snows a lot more in california than it does in florida . enough to support world class ski resorts , in fact . 
in the lyrics of the song he literally shouts the word cocaine . 	he actually just whispers it . in live concerts , ozzy yells it after every verse . 
see , your ignorance tells you that , but it is all false . 	it is all true .  you and your puppet government will be executed as traitors . the poor slaves you force into jordan will be liberated . 
you are an absolute monarchy , your people have no rights . 	so why do n't you tell that to saudi arabia ? how do you know we are n't going through government reform ? we have n't had time for this , because you attacked our rights ! 
so why do n't you tell that to saudi arabia ? how do you know we are n't going through government reform ? we have n't had time for this , because you attacked our rights ! 	saudi arabia is a firmly established state , while you are a terrorist puppet of the soviets . 
ok then , how did we have a tyrannical dictatorship ? huh ? 	you are an absolute monarchy , your people have no rights . 
um - you know there 's a limit to how high your seat can go before you risk snapping it off , right ? i 'm pretty sure you 're about 3 inches past that limit . 	wouldnt that depend on things such as width and strength of the seat pole and weight of the user among other things ? 
oh . this thread again . good . get my downvote 	have my upvote . 
so i 'm beginning to gather ! how dark , if i may ask ? 	i think your hair looks fine . it might look better brunette , but blonde is usually more glamorous and i think it looks good anyway . and it 's nice to mix things up . 
you 'd look better with darker hair . 	so i 'm beginning to gather ! how dark , if i may ask ? 
now the scamming will commence for real . 	not too mention the crap item drop spam , notification spam and trading spam ! all the wonderful things that made tf2 so much fun and are a big part of the reason i have n't played it in years . 
i 'm sure they could just earth style up some more mountain . or maybe the next stone faces would be positioned on a new line beneath the earlier stone faces . 	ah , yes , makes sense , thanks ! : d 
if you play on steam you can stream it to them on steam . 	i have the game downloaded for pc . but , i play on console . we have built in stream capabilities to twitch . there are times where you do n't want to broadcast depending on the connection . 
we have ice , and if you do n't like the texture , you can hide it under a carpet 	it does n't increase speed by a very large amount though , and the only way for it to go faster is the 2 block high ceiling jump trick . 
go for a foliage view if you can . i love looking out my window and seeing trees and stuff . 	all the windows of my apartment have large bushes growing right in front of them . makes it a bitch to clean the glass outside , and actually a bit depressing in winter . 
it 's mah birthday today : d if ya 'll do n't pitch in some money and get me at least one cuban super prospect for a present , then this birthday is ruined . 	i 'm opening my check book as we speak 
it 's mah birthday today : d if ya 'll do n't pitch in some money and get me at least one cuban super prospect for a present , then this birthday is ruined . 	okay . brb going to the bank . 
presumably , this would work similar to hyrule warriors i guess . 	i think deus ex and one of the batman games might work similarly . 
i do n't know . this is so awesome , it might be worth 1 or 2 idiot deaths . 	i rate this about 5 idiot deaths worth of awesome . 
i was wondering if i should get one of these for my niece 's birthday , now i 'm certain . 	they actually work really well . i 've used around 10 and the worst that 's happened is a candle not lighting . 
nevada it 's kroger company so ralph 's , frys etc there 's a long list 	oh . that makes sense . maybe it 's more common out west . 
this post came up on my birthday . nice surprise ! 	happy birthday , you magnificent bastard . 
i played those normal games with premades most of the time and had a lot of fun during them tho : d i ca n't imagine anyone reported me there . 	well imagine harder , cause someone did . and it didnt have to be your team . 
can you post a picture of the bruise ? i 'm super curious what that would look like . 	i screen shot this from a video i took , i was gonna upload it on youtube but do n't really want a vid of this on my account haha 
passed through my dad . might have been homeless had i gone with anyone else . 	same . my whole dad 's family is composed of inter fanatics . 
arma 3 is the game you 're looking for . 	ahhh i have that man . sorry i did n't specify that . i enjoy wasteland mostly , i play some koth but i get terrible frames . thanks for your input brother !   
it is a pretty ridiculous claim to assert that women drink alcohol for the express purpose of deniability about sexual choices .  wtf is wrong with people like you that you think this way ? 	women knowingly and happily use every other tool at their disposal to the knowing expense of boys and men . why you would think they would not use this one is beyond me . 
incorrect application of logic . you are using outcome to post hoc explain motivation .  and you are telling me to think ? 	you did n't answer my question . why do women need to drink to have sex ? 
it 's not ridiculous at all . there are women on public record saying they drink at bars and parties in order to have sex . 	that is not the same thing as what i find ridiculous . thus , you just made a statement that is n't even remotely a counter argument to what i said . 
it is a pretty ridiculous claim to assert that women drink alcohol for the express purpose of deniability about sexual choices .  wtf is wrong with people like you that you think this way ? 	it 's not ridiculous at all . there are women on public record saying they drink at bars and parties in order to have sex . 
it is a pretty ridiculous claim to assert that women drink alcohol for the express purpose of deniability about sexual choices .  wtf is wrong with people like you that you think this way ? 	it 's actually a fairly reasonable claim when you take slut - shaming into account . 
just found out the hard way , do n't even hover over the link and look at the bottom left of your screen if you have n't seen the latest episode . they put a massive spoiler in the url . 	to be fair , its not the first time for that character 
some people have classes all week long and think their case pretty much applies to everyone else having no other point of reference . 	in all my 7 years of university i 've never had a full week of classes 
dude . it 's wednesday . where have you been all week ? 	i do n't have class on tuesdays , and i knew monday was a stat holiday because i got off work . so today was my first class of the week . 
in all my 7 years of university i 've never had a full week of classes 	i could say the same thing about my college experiences , yet i knew people that did . depends a lot of scheduling . 
does any of you know when the remake is coming ?  i am waiting for remake to read it . 	i 've heard than it is on type - moon 's 10 year plan , meaning it 'll be done sometime before 2022 . unless it gets delayed , like everything type - moon has done ever . 
does any of you know when the remake is coming ?  i am waiting for remake to read it . 	it 's still very well done , imo . the soundtrack gets too repetitive at times , but all in all , there 's no need to wait for the remake if you really want to read it . 
though when i think about it having a save for refrain is pointless because if you do n't read rin 2 then refrain makes absolutely no god damn sense . 	and you have to finish all the others to unlock rin 2 , damn i forgot . i 'll see what i can do , i might end up watching a play through on youtube or something . 
remember kids to always make back - up folders . you want saves that are closer to the ends ? 	if you could point me in the direction of a save file for the start of refrain perhaps that would save me a lot of time . 
it 's probably that there is some other flag you need to trigger the second scene , but it the scene only shows up if you do the maid scene after triggering the flag . 	yeah , i think i did that scene pretty late . 
that 's the game engine so yes . better add that as an exception for your anti virus . 	i mean if i re - download it will i still be able to use the save files ? thanks heaps for the help . 
does any of you know when the remake is coming ?  i am waiting for remake to read it . 	there has n't been any news about it other than that artwork that went around a few years back . so never 
making every gift shiny would quickly get boring . 	on a completely different note , i appreciate how none of the mods here have the same color text for their username : d 
the more recent material update . it may just be my phone as i 'm on an s4 which is getting old by phone standards and i run a custom rom . scrolling just seems much less fluid as of late . 	free version ? pro ?  can you try uninstalling , rebooting and installing again . 
hi , please include a verification photo of the item with a piece of paper that has your username on it ! 	i did it . can you put the post back up ? 
it 's not completely pointless , you can still let your phone ask for a pin when trying to get out . 	ohh yeah actually thanks i 'll set one   
what 's the context for the senator to hold them like that ? does he want them banned ? 	one person got murdered by a machete , so now they need to be banned because that 'll totally prevent someone from using one of dozens of other edged weapons to do the same damn thing . 
ah , the ballet . 	i love legitimate theater . 
well to be fair , boring is subjective . to a drug user anything other than drugs is boring . sorry got nothing else . good luck though . 	yeah . that 's pretty much what i 'm afraid of . i do n't know how to replace drugs as an activity for her . 
that actually looks pretty cool , gl with selling . 	thanks man , if i ca n't get it sold , i will keep it : p 
what kind of toms do you wear ? 	grey classics , the slip on ones 
i 've broken two of them i must just be unlucky 	what parts of them broke , just out of curiosity ? 
reverted back to regular after restarting the game . 	that 's how these work , certain conditions will change them back because the game sees them as not possible , the only option is to download a new one . 
oh cool lets see all your sculptures ? you know . the perfect ones . because you sound like you 're an expert ! 	you do n't have to be an artist to appreciate art .  that guy is still a douche though . 
lol stop trying to troll him , the guy does n't give a shit 	just playing devil 's advocate here - no one has questioned that the picture of his work is a screen capture of the history channel ? how about an original photo ? 
sikhs are among the most badass , loyal and fierce soldiers in the world . this man will gladly take a bullet for his country or his fellow soldier ! patriot ! 	while awesome , and sikhs are no doubt tough bastards , the fact remains that this guy is a dentist . 
yea , but that 's the army . i do n't see the marine corps or the navy ever allowing this type of dress . 	well hopefully they follow suit . those people are sacrificing just as much no matter what branch they 're in . 
damn you do n't get to wear a silly hat as a christian unless you make it high up in the catholic church . 	i do n't think christians have an official silly hat that everyone wears as part of their beliefs . if they did though , the army would allow soldiers to wear it i 'm sure . 
op question , do you care if you classmates said a wrong answer in class ? 	no , but i feel that they might think i 'm stupid . 
unfortunately , no . need to hold the camera steady . try a tripod or some fill flash next time . 	or not use my phone ? 
something tells me this wo n't be on the evening news . 	local news spent less than 20 seconds reporting it this morning surprisingly . 
at my age , i am wary of men who do n't have platonic female friends . 	exactly . it 's a big plus for me when a guy has truly platonic girl friends . 
woa ! i never realized that my female friend and i are n't really friends , and ca n't be friends . 	and i have realized that my male friend and i are n't really friends either ! reading that comment for the first time was truly an enlightening experience . 
hopefully the thing you like most about it , is the value . 	hahah i would buy the pass in a heartbeat but i already have a room ! 
yo . does n't it count like edible ?  should n't it kick in like in about an hour anyway ? 	well i did n't notice anything until i smoked another blunt an hour ago . but i suspect that was from the blunt i was currently smoking 
i read the meme quickly so i thought it said eating a coconut and had to click back because i was curious how one eats a coconut . 	crack it open , drink tasty liquid inside , pick at white stuff if you get the munchies . 
well duh , god is testing them . and any tornado is a miracle btw . whoever it hits was because of gay sex and whoever it misses was god 's miracle . 	in the south , tornadoes are observed to hit mostly red counties and miss blue ones . 
we developed calculus . leave us alone and we can do more maths for you . 	if they 've mastered space travel , their mathematics are far advanced to ours 
this is why even if you believe in free content the only way to support honesty is with your wallet . pay for a 6 month subscription . 	i paid for a year when he first started . i was referring specifically to radio broadcasters . 
hey man congrats on finally beating it and even the hard way . i do n't think i 've ever seen someone actually say no this weapon is to strong let 's use a weaker one lol . 	hey man ! ha , yeah i want this game to be hard . 
it does n't mean whoever gave you the push was responsible though which is how some are portraying this . you are primarily responsible . 	i do n't understand why you 're being downvoted for this .  what happened to the idea of personal responsibility ? why does there always have to be something to remove that blame ? 
mine always come out fatter than the normal sweets . i fit 4 grams into each of them . even with crutches . my preferred blunt method , plus they burn perfect and last awhile . 	damn idk if i could do that . i have no experience with them , mostly dutch master and white owls . plus the wraps which are easy to make perfect really fast , so they 're nice in a pinch . 
i have to ask about the whole blunt culture . i remember smoking them in college and thinking the taste of the tobacco is killing the experience . can someone explain the appeal ? 	being able to smoke a decent amount of bud in a sitting without having to use a lighter . it does have a tobacco taste to it , but my buddies and i smoke cigarettes . 
love it when they come out almost identical to the actual cigar form they came in . i always was proud of doing it with a dutch master . it was a way to burn an eighth real fast haha 	mine always come out fatter than the normal sweets . i fit 4 grams into each of them . even with crutches . my preferred blunt method , plus they burn perfect and last awhile . 
what bodily autonomy laws are there ? show me . last i checked , if i try to kill myself , i 'll be held against my will . that does n't sound like i can do whatever i want with my body . 	laws are n't always just and moral . morally , you should be able to end your own life if you really wish to . 
she 's still not actively killing it in that case . abortion requires action , not inaction . 	that 's purely semantics , in both cases the child dies because the woman decides not to compromise her body to save the child . 
what bodily autonomy laws are there ? show me . last i checked , if i try to kill myself , i 'll be held against my will . that does n't sound like i can do whatever i want with my body . 	rational people commit suicide . 
wow . how the fucking is it okay to kill an infant in any instance ? you 're a broken person and i hope you get help . 	this is with the assumption that we 're weighing it against a developed person 's life . i do n't see how you can argue the contrary in that case . 
with that way of thinking you can defend any crime . 	not really . you can only do that if you mistake a few cells with an actual human being . i do n't , so i do not approve of anything hurting actual sentient human beings . 
most abortions are just out of convenience , not because the life of the mother is in danger . preventing the consequences here is a really selfish act . 	the vast majority of actions are selfish . the only difference here is the emotional factor some people feel compelled to impose on others . 
pain is quite real and unpleasant for all . 	it 's only unpleasant when you experience it yourself . 
there was a choice on the part of the parents to take an action that they knew may result in a child . no such choice exists in your kidney analogy . 	the later analogy i provided was for someone who had been drink driving . should the criminal driving the car drunk be forced to give an organ to someone else ? 
what is the point of quoting a deleted comment ? obviously they 've withdrawn their statement . 	to show the context of my reply . 
solid post . we 'll miss you in this sub when you move to industry . 	not dead yet . still have a lot of sarcasm and flippant advice left in me . 
that uh , that might be your problem . there are clubs for literally every interest you could possibly have . 	i 'm not interested enough in anything to join a club for it 
what are all those blue things ? 	the photo was taken with a scanning electron microscope , which produces only black and grey photos . unfortunately , the vibrant blue colour was added afterwards . 
do you happen to have a source on that ? it absolutely looks like cgi . 	that 's the effect of an electron microscope . 
did you call the police for physical and emotional distress ? 	no , the guy stopped and apologized , and i was n't watching where i was going . did n't notice i broke my ds until i got home . 
yeah just bruised , my ds looks worse than i do . 	you should probably still go to the hospital . you could have internal injuries and dying is bad . 
i am , but the idea of feeling for the space my testicles descended from with my fingers kind of weirds me out ! 	if your ever in a gym and a man very quickly gets of the bike and power walk away , just know that they can go back in there . it 's ridiculously wierd 
when can i expect the plane tickets to michigan to arrive ? 	follow up , will there be car service waiting for me at the airport ? 
you go girl ! 	thank you . i wish women supported each other more in life rather than be cruel . x 
throwing myself into recovery from my eating disorder . my body is functioning again and got myself an awesome job . need to learn to love myself 	you go girl ! 
thank you . i wish women supported each other more in life rather than be cruel . x 	but seriously , high five . eds can be hard to kick . good luck on loving yourself . you 're totally worth it ! 
we actually discussed this issue , and ultimately concluded that going up over the wall would only get you into the maze , which is rigged anyway . but i see your point . 	yeah but they could walk over the walls : p or build bridges along the corridors 
yeah i noticed that after i responded to him . it made me think this might 've just been a very poor attempt at a troll . i guess some people just never learn . 	nope , was actually my idiocy . today , i did learn how the reddit home page works . 
it was write this or go back to my depressing fucking psych project . 	i think you just evaluated yourself you sick fuck ! 
you ca n't just start a fight and then try to shush your way out of it 	bro , we gotta bring the fight to the range . 
what about robotic police dogs ? 	exploding robotic police dogs . they would then sniff each others butts just like real life 
have n't been on at the right time for a chest this week , but now that i know how it works i 'll wait next time . 	hey man , are you still in the checkpoint ? 
hey man , are you still in the checkpoint ? 	i never was , i missed this run . 
lose some weight and get daddy issues and ant will invite you to the compound . 	i doubt it . he 's not into black chicks . 
he 's grabbed right hold of my heart 	he 's got a built in ability 
wow 3 absolutely brilliant team goals by arsenal today .  i guess they need the momentum going to monaco in a few days . 	the joke about arsenal always wanting to walk it in is fairly accurate , but when they click like today it really is a thing of beauty . 
honestly , if we 'd finished one of our many chances in that game it 'd be a completely different result . we had 3 or 4 basically open goals that we managed to fuck up 	which is why i 'm retaining a bit of optimism coming into tuesday . if we put our chances away we would not have lost 3 - 1 , or even have lost . we wo n't miss so many again on tuesday . 
fa cup final pls . he has become huge for us . 	he 'll probably punch the closest liverpool player to celebrate . 
alexis fc ? someone tell me how many different goal scorers we have now 	we play much better as a team when alexis does n't play . 
yup , san diego 	this happens at a community lake i fish . people throw there dog s bag down the storm drain and rain washes it into lake . people are jack asses .   
no . go play lol . 	i played lol many years ago , but there is way too much lag in that game . 
well it 's not like there is a huge ass green circle 	it 's not like i do n't see that circle when i am at top and pantheon uses it for the bot lane . 
ok i really really struggled with this picture . i for sure thought she only had one leg , only to realize her other leg is out of the frame . 	speaking as an extremely out of shape person , that 's some impressive flexibility . 
get a lawyer who specializes in this . op this will not be a cheap fight for you . 	op might qualify for legal aid given it 's a family law issue and they probably are low income . 
isnt this music from a mario game ? i just had a huge flashback to 5 - year - old me 	yes , its from super mario land 2 for the gameboy . 
how is it too weak for vr ? it would n't be on the same level of a high end pc but it 's definitely doable . 	it 's a serious stretch to even compare it to a low end gaming pc . 
i think everyone here knows microsoft is just saying that because the xbox one is too weak for vr , so they have to pretend they did n't want to go the vr route anyway . 	to be fair thats also the case of ps4 , too week but still they will try to push vr .   
i thought roberts already announced that star citizen was going to support vr a long time ago . did i make that up ? 	i think theyre add it after they optimize the game a bit since even on beefy rigs the arena commander runs like shit . 
free black licorice for everyone . 	i freaking love black licorice so i 'm moving to your town . 
damn , now i want to go log in and camp some random nm , lol . 	until the day i die i wo n't forget seeing my first leaping boots drop . was like winning the super bowl 
reaching into the sink garbage disposal to pull something out . 	i used to have a really terribly designed garbage disposal . you literally pushed a plug into it that hit a switch in the drain to turn it on . there was no safe way to reach in that monstrosity . 
hope cakes gets his first goal today . he 's been close the last couple games .   	im thinking everyone is anxiously awaiting cakes 'first goal . i 'm going to celebrate so hard when he finally gets it . 
i can feel it in mah plums .  that pass rush is scary . not scary in the condescending way , but in the i 'm - scared - for - my - qb 's - life kinda way . 	as a cardinal fan , i can confirm that the rams make me fear for my qbs lives . or , at the least , their fucking acls . 
i can feel it in mah plums .  that pass rush is scary . not scary in the condescending way , but in the i 'm - scared - for - my - qb 's - life kinda way . 	seriously . would n't it be hilarious if the rams did that to a different team each year ? 
i can feel it in mah plums .  that pass rush is scary . not scary in the condescending way , but in the i 'm - scared - for - my - qb 's - life kinda way . 	the last game we played against them was way too peaceful . they 're not going to make that mistake again this year . 
rams . they 're gonna try and break wilson , i can feel it deep down . 	i can feel it in mah plums .  that pass rush is scary . not scary in the condescending way , but in the i 'm - scared - for - my - qb 's - life kinda way . 
that flair with your answer . well done ! 	either you have know idea what 's been going on this offseason or you 're oblivious as fuck . 
the bills because of their ridiculous front 7 . they 're probably going to murder brady 	i dunno who 'd i 'd rather face as the pats . the jets or the bills . both have ridiculous defensive lines and now both have very talented secondaries . 
the ravens . they always find a way to fuck with us . 	that game was like driving home blackout drunk and wondering how you did n't die . 
i have n't had a sense of smell my entire life , does this relate to me too or just soldiers ? 	it relates to traumatic brain injuries . if you have n't had one it likely does n't really relate to you , at least not in the same way . 
just gonna stand there and watch me burn . 	but it 's alright because i like the way gains hurt . 
what really drew my attention is that you still have the toothpick in your swiss army knife , props . 	i recently discovered you can buy three pack replacements of the tweezers and toothpicks . no more empty square holes ! 
thanks for helping out ! it was nice to have a fellow sherpa along for the ride , and to make sure i did n't miss anything while explaining things . 	if you ever need some help running a group through vog or ce or need someone to pick up if you need to leave just hit me up . i enjoy helping people learn how to raid . i 'm on 360 and xbone . 
i honestly had a dream last night that the site was back . it was nice . 	i 'm having a really hard time . i 've been spending time on portal 11 , but its not comforting me at all . talking to some of the people on there has been nice , though . 
you should play to a click track . 	thanks ! im actually going to look this up . i am just learning so a lot of these methods are new to me . i appreciate your help . 
me three , despite the fact that i was literally singing the song earlier today . 	again , sorry for my little title faux pas . but that 's the title of the video on youtube . if the video starts trending this is going to be a cluster fuck . 
me too , for a half second i forget about this song and my heart stopped . 	me three , despite the fact that i was literally singing the song earlier today . 
things like this post are the way to make things better ! this was great content and i hope there is more like it !   	not sure why you got down voted , even though the community 's great it 's a rare gem to see something completely new in this sub . 
ehm , not really . i 'm only in charge of the css editing here . but if you find a image you would like to see somewhere in the sub , feel free to show it to me and other mods . 	see i am pretty ignorant as to how this css thing works or what have you . i can give suggestions but i 'll need to know what format you want them in .   
ok . so do you want us to find images for you to photoshop ? 	ehm , not really . i 'm only in charge of the css editing here . but if you find a image you would like to see somewhere in the sub , feel free to show it to me and other mods . 
thanks ! you 're the first person to ever notice that connection . i 'm a big fan of the stalker series as well and the name was a natural fit . 	keith has been a huge inspiration for me and my art , he 's probably my favorite artist . his art would definitely be right at home in the stalker series for sure , ahaha . 
this is completely unrelated but i love your username . any fellow lover of keith thompson is a friend of mine . 	thanks ! you 're the first person to ever notice that connection . i 'm a big fan of the stalker series as well and the name was a natural fit . 
its too late since im already chillin in bed but some 2014 flyknit 's , sadly the only pair of air max shoes i have left . i 've given all my other pairs away to less fortunate friends . 	that 's nice .  i do love my 2014 flyknit 's lol , but i could see myself giving up my moon landings to someone less fortunate 
what size do you wear ? i thought you were like an 11 yeah , i do n't have a style . i wear whatever catches my eye . lol 	i do wear an 11 , but i got a pair of asics when they first came out and it fit like a 9 . 5 and i gave it away to a guy here on reddit . 
who the fuck waits for their gf 's period to break up with them ? thats insane . just do n't date a girl emotionally unstable enough to lie about being pregnant because you broke up with her . 	so do n't date females , got it . 
what 's even worse is the moment you begin to double that stress by thinking you 're pregnant , your body starts developing fake pregnancy symptoms to go along with the missed period . 	oh god , my boobs ache and i 'm nauseous 
if liquid is clg , what is clg , holy shit english is a hard language for the average tsm fan 	i 'm a clg fan , i like your style though . i changed it to tsm since clg fans lost the reddit bet . 
yup thats definitely the case , its not like other lanes finally started playing well or anything that 'd be too crazy . 	not really . aphromoo in a recent interview said dl has to adjust to clg 's new playstyle if they want to succeed , and bjergsen said clg is now a top focused team . 
2 korean titles , 1 world champion title vs a few lcs games . 	yes because what he did 2 years ago means that he will always be playing at the same level and people ca n't possibly get worse at the game over time . 
this i cant say he is playing up to his former level , but he didnt feed or lose his lane lately , even making some kind of plays 	when you are the central focus of your team if you go even the game is most likely lost , and piglet has never been a primary carry since joining skt . 
if tl beat dig they have a chance , since one of gravity or t8 will have the same score as tl . 	you think they stand a chance vs gravity or t8 ? if , lets say they will make it to play off they most probably will be out from first round . 
oh yea forgot about that , i was talking more about the tournament era of seasons 1 and 2 before lcs was a thing , where most of clg 's lan wins were with a substitute . 	kobe , never forget 
2 korean titles , 1 world champion title vs a few lcs games . 	thanks , you proved my point . you 're so blinded by his past achievements that it clouds your opinion of his current play . 
piglet is n't the thing that needs to change , its the top half of the map that needs to become more consistent . and you talk of a 20 cs lead like its of any significance . 	weird how the top half of the map is so much better when piglet is n't in the game . 
i did n't say that it did .  i was just curious if he was willing to hold her responsible if she left his jacket in there after he asked her to get it for him . 	but why should he ?  if liability changed hands , it would be the bar 's , not his sister 's . 
i do n't get what people see in him . sure he has stayed with his team in troubles . a lot of players do . he is a prick every time the wings play him . 	i think he 's just a prick . has does some super dirty stuff against the blues as well 
pittsburgh has some of the best doctors when it comes to concussions and they work with the penguins . 	i 'd like a citation , considering that sidney had a fucking broken neck whenever he was cleared after his concussion mess . 
what bad luck this guy has been having , its a travesty he is being robbed of his chance at a norris . 	dude , poor choice of words . if on purpose ? c 'mon . 
and it 'll hold up to ice in the winter ? as in , i can leave it in the water all winter long and not worry about it ? 	exactly ! if its not located in a very open ocean ice , should n't be a problem , and even then manageable . 
thanks for the bitcoin that was awesome of you . unfortunately the you tube link you sent me is private so i cant view the video . 	woops . sorry . i will send you a public link in the morning . 
ok , it 's public now . 	cool . so what were the problems . was it not supposed to work the way it did ? 
only in the us as i recall , in europe we just got it for vita unless i 'm mistaken . 	that is true . also , dragon 's crown does have some cross save functionality so there 's at least a reason for owning both versions . 
killzone would be cool . i already have it but i 'd like to see more players in multiplayer . 	i thought it was a great game , and i 'd love to see more people on it as well . the multiplayer is really fun imo 
what the hell is ritchie doing on this play ? daley has the man in front . do n't just let diaz walk right out uncontested . 	i 'm pretty sure diaz is actually daley 's responsibility on that play . ritchie is taking the right man . 
i 'm military , i just walk around telling fatties that look that they look unprofessional and they either need to go hit one of the five free gyms on base or go buy new uniforms . 	keep fighting the good fight sir . 
i honestly think losing the cumulative line would be for the best . really detracts from the chart . 	could put the cumulative line on a separate y - axis . would make it look better . 
gta 4 had an iron man mod , lets see superman this time but with lasers beams . 	i want to fly through rings , dammit ! 
seriously though , can anyone explain why everyone seemingly has this in their collections ? i feel like everyone has this album , why is that the case ? 	i think the cover for sure , but he made some good music . it must have been popular back in the day because they made so damn many of them . that 's why it 's all over the place . 
those guys have nothing on christmas albums . 	i think firestone 's reputation as a music label is vastly underappreciated . 
i hope you reported the seller to ebay . that is against the tos and apparently the seller was too cheap to pay to set a reserve price . 	yep , i did - gave him a negative review as well . it was his first sale , though , so he just abandoned his account . 
all joking aside , i actually enjoy this record a lot 	i play it at least once a month . not scared of burning it up at all , either . 
who do n't understand their own game . 	7 years on with probably no one left from the original team , yes i think i can safely say that given some of the balancing decisions they 've made over the years . 
because valve does n't understand their own game . 	then what force or entity meant for spy to be sniper 's hard counter , as per your previous comment . 
it can happen , but it 's basically impossible . you have half a second . 	i would n't go that far and say it 's impossible . it 's semi - uncommon . 
yeah , man looks to be elderly . maybe a ham but i agree , you could have targeted someone more deserving . 	looks to be elderly but he 's really 28 . that 's fat for ya 
yeah , man looks to be elderly . maybe a ham but i agree , you could have targeted someone more deserving . 	apparently it 's ok to be fat if you 're old guise ! wrap it up nothing to see here , leave this poor old fat guy alone .  warning for fat sympathy 
my closet will have ethernet so i could put it in there and it would be fine . the only question is will the ir remote adapter need to have a clear path or could i use it with the door closed 	ir needs a clear path . i ca n't remember the exact name but you can buy an ir extender . i have seen them in use before for that hidden type of setup in a cabinet 
so if i had that would i just use my harmony remote to control it and i would not need any ir adapter for my pi ? 	i 'm out of my depth here . you should probably do your own research . 
which is louder : blue or green ? 	same volume as far as i can tell from the two in front of me . 
which is louder : blue or green ? 	the actual switch should make the same sound . but maybe if you slam your fingers with equal force , you hit the plate harder ? : p switch sound is the same though . 
i find it hard to say bama will do well but you guys are just too stacked to lose 4 games i see you all winning 11 games including a bowl game . 	i honestly am looking forward to our one regular season loss and losing a very disappointing bowl game like we did the last two years . 
i love how nobody is taking tech seriously as acc contenders . underdog is power 	you realize you guys are a virtual lock for preseason coastal favorite come media days ? and thus by precedent you wont finish better then 3rd ? 
homerism incoming - usc loses two games all season and wins the rose bowl . i 'm willing to make one of those reddit bets on it . 	i 'll throw it at least a flair bet that usc only wins 8 games . 
decent ? utah 's pretty darn good , it can easily be a win , and a blow out is n't out of the question . 	we play better at home . and if we had a better passing offense and was n't interrupted by a monsoon it would have been a blowout last year . 
watch last years game against you guys . with him - great team . without him - complete dumpster fire .  we have no real evidence to support having a quality backup 	i mean he played great for all of like 10 minutes , it 's hard to judge even that game for his performance with and without the team 
do n't forget racist . 	i forgot about that , did anybody ever find out what he said ? 
lolololol , you hilarious , chubby faced , terrible at fielding man . 	in what world does robbing a home run make one a terrible fielder ? 
you are getting downvoted and im really not sure why .  how does this effect the xbox platform at all ? amazon gunna drop the firetv and kindle and start making xbox devices ? 	it does n't affect xbox . you 're absolutely right .   
do you know how one could use the modem if they had phone service through their isp ? usually the modems only have an ethernet out . 	yeah i think it does have an ether net out . why do you ask ? 
i wouldnt recommend thinking about growth per day . it would pressure you into making bets that arent smart if you havent reached the goal . 	so how do you go about betting ? just bet a percentage of inventory each time without a target ? 
instead of one company paying shitloads of money for the design , the cost of the design is part of the cost of the prop . 	ah , okay that makes sense . thanks for the answer ! 
custom power cable extensions or custom sleeved cables to the psu ? 	psu cable was already sleeves . just added an extension . my cm psu has a silly short mobo cable . 
same , they wo n't tell , i already tried that , they just said something bad . 	idk , it 's what i did . but i also carried brass knuckles and when my bully pressed me , i fucking knocked his ass out and threw away the brass knuckles . 
yes but still you need to be able to get your wrist into a position to get to the bar which can put pressure through the wrist even lightly in this way .   	excellent point . had n't thought of that . 
hmm , i didnt have this issue at all . may try restarting the ps4 ? is it from the disc ? 	yes , it 's a physical copy of the game . 
how expensive are they ? 	surprisingly not that bad . i got mine as a gift and it depends on if you get the real silk or the fake silk but in reality the fake silk is better in my opinion . 
light green tshirt , grey jeans and dark green socks 	i worry we dressed similarly today . 
a black and white flannel , a gray t - shirt , and sweat pants . it 's still kinda cold in iowa . 	its late and my brain is n't working , what exactly is a flannel ? is n't that like a dress shirt ? 
still in black jeans and plaid shirt from work , even though i got home about 2 hours ago 	i feel ya . 
the title of the post is about jumping on the call train , so it 's not exactly irrelevant to point out that there was a dramatic shift towards puts today . 	put selling cause it 's choo choo 'ing upwards ?   
definitely wo n't be discounted that heavily or at all , you can hold me to it . 	yup . probably thanksgiving sale . 
definitely wo n't be discounted that heavily or at all , you can hold me to it . 	yeah . i think summer sale discount for gta is too soon . 
does this give a steam key ? 	no steam keys , game must use rockstar social club  
it was instant . i forgot exactly where i clicked but i went directly to a page that had my code , purchase id , etc . 	hm , strange . i bought it about 6 hours ago and can only see my purchase number , have n't gotten a key yet .  thanks for answering . 
nice collection - i 'm a big fan of their music too and saw them live a couple of times in the 80s but only have a greatest hits compilation on vinyl right now 	i 've yet to have the chance to see them live , my mum saw them play at wembley in '97 , but my dad said i was too young to go at the time . hopefully they 'll come back to the uk soon ! 
i am a white 23 year old , i was dressed in an osu shirt and blue jeans . no minority here 	which osu ? oregon ? ohio or oklahoma ? if oklahoma and wearing an osu shirt in the okc metro that makes you more suspect than a minority . 
because i 'm just a poor boy , with a poor family . 	man as a 90 's kid , i got this gem . thanks for the help ! 
no . there 's like a few pub servers and thats all . the game is amazing but the community is dead . 	it 's not dead , it 's one of the most played games on steam . 
i need to switch phone at the next two months so waiting for the next nexus is not an option . moto x is great , the problem is that the phone is n't available to buy in my country . 	ok then , m8 is it is unless you can afford the m9 . the only thing i would complain about is the camera but if you 're not using that much , it 's not a big deal . 
i thought he gave the ball to the guy in the back of the maul , would n't it be illegal for him to take the ball back from in front and run ? 	ill have to rewatch it when i get home , but from memory the try scorer was the line out receiver . 
i thought he gave the ball to the guy in the back of the maul , would n't it be illegal for him to take the ball back from in front and run ? 	yeah he did . which means offside . no try ! 
what 's the point in wasting mana though ? the first camp is extremely easy to take without blowing spells . 	because a lot of supports have an ability that makes for a close to perfect leash , and people will know which side you started on by which lane walked to lane later anyway . 
this is also shown true in medieval fighting manuals , i 've studied a couple from various eras and all of them cover grappling in extensive detail , while many completely omit striking 	more information , please ? 
are knee reap and heel hooks isis legal ? 	yes , but if you blow out their knees they 'll explode . 
haha i 'm thinking worm guard would be more high percentage than dlr , given middle eastern clothing styles . 	isis ca n't stop my spider guard . 
if he hit an artery he 'd have died of blood loss i 'm pretty sure ? 	almost did . rushed to the hospital had to have blood givin to him , 
he hit an artery . 	if he hit an artery he 'd have died of blood loss i 'm pretty sure ? 
yeah nah you need to use shouts a lot in the main storyline , and there 's no way you played 1000 hours without playing the first couple of main missions . 	i meant that i used them for the main quests , the kinda forgot about them and deemed them useless . then at about 1000 hours in , i realized that they made everything so much more easy and fun . 
my friend did n't know you could sprint until around level 30 . 	you can run ? 
you can run ? 	i do n't know if you are being sarcastic or not but on the chance you are not . yes , you can . it uses up stamina . google your respective playing device 's control for sprint . 
i would axe you to stop . but i 'm liking these puns . 	well oak kay , if you insist . i suppose it 's nice having someone root for you . 
i wood , but i ca n't stop . 	do n't you try to sap any pity from me . go pine for attention somewhere else . 
where 's the long winded , info wars inspired facebook rants ? 	i actually did n't know about facebook rants . i just got the inspiration for this from information i 'm using to write my public health policy paper . 
most of the people i see against vaccines are actually reasonably educated and have quite a bit of money . of course , there are the idiots , but this stereotype is pretty spot on . 	guess i just do n't know anybody who is against them , but i challenge you to prove the educated part . that just makes no sense . 
she 's working to improve something she cares about . i respect that . if you do n't then you 've never done it . 	yeah no writing a twitter post is n't improving something she cares about . she herself stated it was a rant why do n't you leave the praise for her casting . 
to be honest , for the longest time i thought that was how it was pronounced too . 	you are n't a professional caster though , they should work on having these things right . 
tldr please that was very boring and i did n't even get past the first paragraph ty . 	read it . 
she 's working to improve something she cares about . i respect that . if you do n't then you 've never done it . 	good job fighting the good fight by replying to his comment !   
try actually reading the article , she explains why it 's worth writing about . 	where ? all i see is her talking about the challenger scene and not some random fact that everyone already knows 
i hope not . i 'd prefer to watch anakin and padme romance scenes on loop . 	i do n't see why they ca n't make a stand alone movie based on that concept . it could be written by george and everything ! 
this guy is a scammer , do n't do any deals with him 	i 'm a scammer ? gotta love the idiots on reddit hahaha dude just shut up 
ill take him mate , hes not 1 . 8 . i would need you to buy my toty lahm though 	this guy is a scammer , do n't do any deals with him 
right click a bed in a valid house .  take all the clay you find . you can make pots for herb farms .  hold shift to bring up a relevant tool . 	i would not think to save clay , thank you ! 
norse vikings would consider it wrong to kill each other , and norse vikings are not the epitome of morality . we try to improve as a society over time to be more moral . 	well , human morality changes to what benefits us the best . 
3 more of those and you could get through an entire prestige . what gamemode were you playing ? 	most likely search . i 've heard of people getting over 100k a game during events like this . no idea how ! 
xd , it was a lucky game . 	whats the avg xp earned from winning ? does it take anything into account ?  i 've just started playing koth , i use to play koth back in alpha 
so on average how many necks are broken during those events ? 	i 'm actually surprised people do n't die , there 's some pretty bad spinal and neck injuries every year and you see people bend in ways that should n't be possible . 
feel like i have n't seen hazard in ages 	we 've essentially went full on defense 
how ? that 's a clear cut goal scoring opportunity . that 's a red . 	he did n't stop the goal scoring opportunity . he fouled him after the player already shot . it 's just a late tackle . which is a penalty and a yellow card . 
and a red . if it were at the bridge it would have been a red . he fucking laid him out . 	it 's a yellow not a red . 
how is that not a foul and a red ? 	at least a yellow . garbage . 
which chelsea fans will be happy with a draw at the emirates ? who are these chelsea fans ? 	i 'd be content , not happy . 
i think oscar 's reputation to dive worked against him there . if that was hazard that was a sure penalty . 	when was the last time oscar got booked for diving ? 
it 's a yellow not a red . 	how ? that 's a clear cut goal scoring opportunity . that 's a red . 
fencing response , oscar should be subbed that 's fucking concussion territory . 	just saw a good replay and jesus , he should be subbed off . disgusting no call looking at that too . 
looked like their heads collided . 	true , on the replay that 's right . two - fisted punch to the chest , and a solid head - butt . 
how the fuck is that not a pen ? 	fucking 3rd pen ! 
i 'm not falling for rhetoric but neither should you blindly defend players . i 'm not saying oscar is a serial diver but he definitely goes down easier than most . 	blindly defend players ? saying a player has a reputation for diving is a big thing . you do n't just go around throwing that based on two or three incidents . 
how the fuck is that not a pen ? 	and a red . if it were at the bridge it would have been a red . he fucking laid him out . 
mate its nice to have confidence in the team its another thing to never underestimate your opponent . 	oh do n't worry , not underestimating arsenal at all . just making some shit jokes to make me feel better before the match 
i hope you did n't spend too long writing that mate 	copy pasta . 
0 - 0 draw , still 10 points ahead of both city and arsenal . i 'd take it . 	no one will accuse us of parking the bus in this game either . 
one pass does n't justify his performance . 	that 's true , but he 's been better as the game has gone on 
they did n't call themselves american . but of course they lived in america , where else ? 	they did n't call it america , they did n't live in america . 
the romans came , they conquered , and made everyone speak latin . get use to it . if it makes you feel better , the romans arent around any more . 	latin is a dead language . first it killed the romans , now it 's killing me . 
you misunderstand .  white people came to america .  natives and white people fought .  the native peoples lost .  america now speaks english .  deal with it . 	are you going for most controversial post in the discussion ? 
it 's relatively hard to learn any new language . but it 's not efficient in the sense ; you could easily make more if you spoke japanese or spanish , for example . 	not in the cherokee nation . 
the romans came , they conquered , and made everyone speak latin . get use to it . if it makes you feel better , the romans arent around any more . 	or we could oppose that mentality and try to realize an ideal of humanity working hand in hand for survival . but nah fuck that 
while i understand what you are saying , the nation of spain speaks a very similar language to the nation of portugal . 	yeah he worded that very poorly . local indian tribes here in michigan spoke similar languages , but there are local dialects . same goes for spain . 
that is fucking stupid - welcome to rome , speak latin , 	if you were going to move to italy , would you learn to speak italian ? 
why would hut need a practice mode when the game has one ? all of your players are available already there anyway .  spectate mode would murder the servers . 	practice mode would actually be useful . it would be a good way to test player 's speed . you could time them and compare to other players or upgraded cards . 
yay ! : d i hope rng starts being nice ! 	do u care about the language of the keldeo ?  english would be a lot easier 
should be on the picture , i believe it has 31 in hp , spa and speed 	i ca n't really see it because my phone screen is so small . haha thanks man . 
ok so in a skyscraper situation where are you expected to go ? 	same place . elevators are a no - go . a well - built skyscraper is actually safer due to having a more flexible structure . 
paying a goalkeeper 200k a week is idiocy in the current market . should have sold to rm for silly money and invested in strengthening the squad . 	we would n't get silly money because de gea 's only got 1 year left on his contract . 
not really . real madrid would be banned for two transfer windows ; this summer and next winter period . real madrid would be able to sign players again next summer . 	well the common consensus is you 'd appeal and get your transfer business done this summer like barcelona did last . 
not really . real madrid would be banned for two transfer windows ; this summer and next winter period . real madrid would be able to sign players again next summer . 	is n't it official that real madrid are n't going to get a ban and are n't going to be charged with anything ? 
they 're both fucking good and close though . 	yeah , that 's exactly my point . 
he 's had more than one outstanding season . 	i disagree . he has been very good the last 3 seasons , but this has been his only truly outstanding season . nobody last year would have had him in the best 3 goalkeepers in the world 
hazard wins games , and people know it . de gea saves games , does n't win them . 	arguably one and the same . football is a team game . strikers do n't win games alone , they have a team supporting them . 
most bayern players have significantly less wages than you 'd expect tbf .  different league , different club . 	and they 're not in a position to need to massively overpay to keep their players given the huge successes of the team . 
i think neuer at the moment could fetch a similar fee to hazard . in terms of wages reus is on half the wages of cech . 	i disagree , a 29 year old goalkeeper cannot be worth more than hazard , no matter how good that keeper is . 
but it 's our own generated money . your money is from a sugar daddy . 	ahh the old 'yes we 're trying to buy the league , but its okay since we do it legit '
single ? he has been our best player 2 years in a row . 	being united 's best player last season is n't much of an achievement . i know he 's been very good for a few years , but this has undoubtedly been a breakout season for him 
if that happens and madrid is still looking for a world - class keeper , just remember that there is a criminally underrated keeper at inter right now ! 	there is also a solid keeper at spurs for them to snatch up . 
i know this is a lot of money for a keeper but man u needs to do everything they can to keep de gea . please do not sell him to madrid . 	if that happens and madrid is still looking for a world - class keeper , just remember that there is a criminally underrated keeper at inter right now ! 
really beautiful . i love london . 	cheers . i do too , lovely city . 
death by firing squad is too light of a sentence in my opinion . i 'm not quite sure how to increase it further though . maybe we should punish his family too . 	his parents should be punished for raising him to be that way . 
the guy deserved much worse . mike 's a human being , not some prop for your photo . 	i thought he was gonna lose an ear for sure . 
i wanted to make a post that was gonna piss people off and i 'd get to argue with someone . it had the opposite effect and people agreed with me . was not expecting a positive response 	so you 're the pretentious fuck then ? 
i voted so hard for this person to not be the speaker of all men , but my candidate lost . here 's to the next election . 	they let men vote for this ? 
obviously you 're not actually a male . 	do i need to submit a dick pic as proof ?   
why ca n't you just check it in a custom game ? takes about a minute . 	that does not show you your true ping . 
sony 's version have it built in , so that 's neat . just tap the pencil icon at the top and edit as you wish . it 's not possible to do anything about the wifi or bluetooth icons though . 	it 's the same with cataclysm . it would be nice to be able to even be able to reverse their spots . i prefer more commonly used items to be on the right . 
i 'm not arguing against more options , i 'm arguing against clutter . there 's a dedicated pane for quick settings , i do n't need them taking up a quarter of the space for notifications 	brightness is still easily accessible from quick settings . long pressing flashlight brings up the slider . 
strange . i change my brightness pretty often . more options is always good anyway . 	i 'm not arguing against more options , i 'm arguing against clutter . there 's a dedicated pane for quick settings , i do n't need them taking up a quarter of the space for notifications 
yeah i could n't really get behind it either considering the tree died . but hey , karma ! 	hope you 've never used paper before . 
can one of you wizards put that in slow - mo ? 	just click on the gear in the youtube player where you usualy set your quality settings . you can also control the playback speed there . 
was that a joke that i just completely missed ? what the fuck is going on ? 	no i said it with full knowledge it was wrong . just trying to convince you after the fact , why would you believe me ? hence the comic . 
is this turkish ? 	turk here . nope . 
or he could have a very valid point about assignments being almost impossible to know without knowing the play . 	like i just said , it 's an acknowledged flawed in the pff system - offensive line grades are the most difficult . nearly every other position , their assignment is far easier to figure out . 
i understand why races charge for entry , i do n't understand why people pay for it 	because they want to race . organized events cost money to organize . 
this is the one . let 's ride the karma train ! all aboard ! 	the train is gaining speed . hold on everyone ! 
is lan the best choice for california ? 	what a stupid question , no na is based in california . best choice for east coast is lan to lower ping by around 50 , too bad they speak spanish . 
harper should sue him for defamation , what a stupid thing for a lawyer to say . 	i think if this happened , win or lose , most people would use the trial to confirm what they already think about whether this is libel or truth . 
again , not an inherent loss , just more options . no ? 	you lose your old f1 skills . there 's your inherent loss . 
what is your job ? 	i work at a marina in the summer , putting out jon boats and selling bait . there 's two little docks on this reservoir i have access to and when it 's slow i fish . 
i work at a marina in the summer , putting out jon boats and selling bait . there 's two little docks on this reservoir i have access to and when it 's slow i fish . 	ah very nice , good way to relax . i 'm looking for a jon boat to buy pretty soon . hopefully can find a good deal . 
just make sure you know your pin number . 	i have a list of passwords saved in pdf format . 
i 'm sure they will be installing several atm machines soon . 	just make sure you know your pin number . 
would n't the police let him maul several black families though ? 	ideally , yes . but bird law is not governed by reason . 
in bird law , there is no reason . only chaos and despair 	such is life in latvia . 
ideally , yes . but bird law is not governed by reason . 	in bird law , there is no reason . only chaos and despair 
i think you are right , that location sounds about right . thank you for confirming my sanity lol 	yes , that was a temporary store in an unused retail space in liberty place . 
yes , that was a temporary store in an unused retail space in liberty place . 	go ! calendars and games . 
anal sex , yo . sneak up and surprise her . 	fuck i 'm glad someone 's getting the damn joke .  you guys need to lighten up a little . 
look up soaking it in ketchup . then you can seal it with mineral oil i believe . 	will a mineral oil coat hold up to touch ? 
i agree they used to be really good . however , all the brands are making the burners out of thinner material and it is n't lasting . 	not to nitpick you , but have you seen an old and new one side by side ? i have n't noticed a reduction in quality for weber , the replacements i got a few months ago looked just as sturdy . 
and you bought a weber . pure win . i 'm 10 years into my genesis and it 's still making glorious food for me . 	that 's what i 'm hoping for . it 'll make me eat at home more to so win win 
i agree they used to be really good . however , all the brands are making the burners out of thinner material and it is n't lasting . 	luckily lowes also carries replacement stainless steel burners for 25 bucks . just replaced mine and my 7 year old grill has never worked better . 
unfortunately did n't have enough room for the 310 . 	not enough room ? where do you live , ny ? 
i might give it another try . maybe it will look better on the white pair .  really dope kicks though man . 	the white pair looks good with either black or colored . those are currently next on my list . 
you 're genuinely curious about if sick people should never leave their house ? 	if they will have to jump through hoops to remain safe , then yes . 
its usually better top lane . the q scales hard with ap , his sustain is absurd . 	yeah i was thinking mid lane is really a bad spot , top i have seen before just the mid thing threw me for a loop . 
reporting in champ select wo n't work , because trolls will also report people that is getting the position they want . 	if you are only getting reported because they did n't get the role they wanted , you did nothing wrong and should n't be afraid of it . 
or they could make it so you only have so many votes per day ? just trying to throw ideas out there . 	that 's an interesting idea , but it 'd still be problematic for players e . g . off - meta mains , that get paired with different people . 
is that actually coming ? 	it is on the way , look for it when east coast servers arrive , replays , and magma chamber map are released . 
remove chat and when u lock in a champion lock in a lane too . simple . people will figure it out soon enough . 	does n't work . 
my favorite is lux who started flaming ww lvl 3 or 4 for not ganking bc she was losing lane . aside from the usual reasons it 's silly to blame the jungler , it 's a ww what do you expect lol 	ww doesnt even have bad pre 6 ganks tho . not saying it justifies blaming the jungler whatsoever but idk why people all hold this common misconception that ww has awful pre 6 ganks . 
let 's be honest , if you ca n't play every position you are complete trash at this game . 	when people are forced to play roles they do n't like they are n't going to learn shit and make the entire game more shit . 
yeah , it 's hard to time the last hit when you 're second guessing whether or not the adc is going to let you use the item you bought . 	this too , i think relic shield works for coordinated players who are familiar with each other 's play but in soloq , that shit is kind of bad . 
yeah , it 's hard to time the last hit when you 're second guessing whether or not the adc is going to let you use the item you bought . 	ping the minion you want to execute . if they take it anyways , roam mid and leave their ass to feed . 
literally everything can be abused somehow . stop using that as an excuse from what might be a good system . 	go read my comment elsewhere , i 've said this exact line many times on here . but this particular system is n't a good enough solution compared to the others that have been suggested . 
on the flip side let 's be honest . if you ride to a certain level of play in a comfort role , you will do worse in the game on an off role . 	you should have at least one other role you 're good enough with though , as you 'll get games where you ca n't get your role of choice 
if we could report in champ select instead of just postgame i would be so happy . 	what does reporting do anyway ? it 's just a threat . unless you get reported a tonne nothing happens . 
on the flip side let 's be honest . if you ride to a certain level of play in a comfort role , you will do worse in the game on an off role . 	let 's be honest , if you ca n't play every position you are complete trash at this game . 
well since i do n't hate myself queue times take longer 	i only play thresh . due to that , my team mates praise me even if we lose because i know the champion very well . 
every thresh support i 've seen with relic shield sucks absolute dick . i hate it as an adc , i hate is when i play thresh . coin or fucking gtfo my lane . 	yeah , it 's hard to time the last hit when you 're second guessing whether or not the adc is going to let you use the item you bought . 
lol , but you know there is a crazy long fan fiction write up about why they always miss when it matters .  also i am drinking and have my cc out . 	oh shit ! someone call the safety police ! 
we finished third that season and above chelsea . 	i thought it was spurs fourth that year ? chelsea finished sixth but won the champion 's league . 
he had a very good season that year , highlight being his goal against city . that season was so much more exciting than this one with the 5 - 2 and the late dash for champions league . 	it was a great season aside from being 19 points off city and united , a bit inconsistent especially at the start but it amazing how different the team is from now to then ! 
he had a very good season that year , highlight being his goal against city . that season was so much more exciting than this one with the 5 - 2 and the late dash for champions league . 	true , but i 'd take another strong 2nd or 3rd place rather than a shaky contest for fourth place , any other season . 
yu really does n't like being called livestock , that expression was as murderous as it gets . 	the look in his eyes , and then the terror from the vampire in response was great . 
i was really confused when it came up . i thought someone uploaded the wrong video or something . 	i was caught off guard with the opening . i was watching another universal movie before that and thought i had accidentally loaded it again . 
well i guess they were too busy trying to stop yu from screwing them over to actually consider all their options .  has the kid even drawn his bow in front of blondie before ? 	he has n't but that moment would have been a really good time to take initiative and take a shot at the monster . 
i ca n't wait for the driving part . smug times . 	smug driving , the ultimate road rage tactic . 
he 's talking about the fact that the japanese are n't making as many kids . they are having a declining population problem that they 're trying to fix right now . 	and i know that .  mindless monsters ca n't tell the difference between japanese people and everyone else . they ai n't racist , they 'll just kill is all anyway : 3 
it would totally suck if it was just 12 episodes . 	it would , but it would n't be the first time a series has only 1 cour when it should have had more . but since it 's not 12 episodes , this is all moot so hurrah ! lol . 
holy shit the sheer density of generic tropes , archetypes and cliches this episode is enough to fill 3 different series . 	no amount of people saying this every episode makes a slight difference . so decide if you want to suck it up and keep going or drop it now . 
there 's no 1080p version that has the end card illustrations , as far as i know . the crunchyroll stream does n't have them for this anime . 	wtf this is on crunchy roll ? this is the one anime that i ca n't find on crunchyroll . 
they are n't racist like the rest of us . racial and gender equality is part of their work ethic : 3 	he 's talking about the fact that the japanese are n't making as many kids . they are having a declining population problem that they 're trying to fix right now . 
the look in his eyes , and then the terror from the vampire in response was great . 	it 's the one thing that makes me watch these shows , that fear in the eyes of the enemy as they see the badassery of the mc . 
the chronicles of thomas covenant by stephen donaldson . at a bad time in my life , the perseverance in this book helped me believe i could overcome bad things - and i did . 	i 've been stuck on the penultimate book of that series for like a year . not sure why , but i 'm having a much harder time with tat one compared to the others in the series . 
back when i first went into high school i was reading it by king at the time . it took me about six months to read , but it felt like such an odyssey . i need to read it again some day . 	do it . such a great book . 
fifth grade is typically about 12 years old . 	so for my 1 . 5 year old it would be kind of too soon i guess . 
congratulations man , thank you for contributing to creating more things for us to read i really hope everything goes alright for you 	thank you for this comment . i am not op , but it has helped me feel better about my writing . 
the chronicles of thomas covenant by stephen donaldson . at a bad time in my life , the perseverance in this book helped me believe i could overcome bad things - and i did . 	i think this series does n't get enough love . have any of you read the third chronicles after covenant dies ? is it any good ? 
and you do n't care it was fiction ? 	why would that matter ? 
the chronicles of thomas covenant by stephen donaldson . at a bad time in my life , the perseverance in this book helped me believe i could overcome bad things - and i did . 	great recommendation . i loved the fact that he was a leper in the real world and an imperfect hero in the other . 
dude , i read that book in like tenth grade ! great book !   	a wonderful book . 
thank you for this comment . i am not op , but it has helped me feel better about my writing . 	you welcome ! i admire authors and people pursuing that career , it is such a artistic and noble cause to create stories and memorable characters , it is so awesome and unique . 
terry pratchett shaped so much of my worldview , it 's scary . i started reading him when i was about 12 , and it changed my life . 	absolutely . i think i started around age 14 - 15 , and i do n't know who i would be if i had n't read his books . and now i 'm sad again . 
at this point the batteries life has run its course . they only last for so long before needing replacement 	so i order a replacement battery , pop off that n7 's back cover , slap it in and presto , i should be good to go ? 
yeah , taking fall damage from running down steps is a bit excessive . 	i mean there are falls that have killed geralt that would n't kill an actual human 
why the fuck did you buy a shirt if you had no idea what it says ? 	most of my shirts have nonsense english sentences on it . that is how shirts work 
i heard about this recently . it 's not like a horror thing , right ? i dig those escape flash games , but not into haunted house type things . 	yah those games are fun too . nope , theres nothing scary about it . we have families with kids come in all the time and they have a blast ! 
sooo , you would be a farm co - op ? 	with a chicken coop ? 
watched a few random streams and i kinda want to play it for some reason . as boring as it looks and sounds , it looks fun and relaxing lol 	i 've been watching some streams too . ca n't forgive out why , but i want to play it 
i have tropico 5 . i just ca n't get into it . but farming simulator is very different from tropico . it 's closer to euro truck simulator . 	very different . but i feel they both reward you in similar ways . to each their own . good luck . 
every man 's dream . 	i cant figure out if its some kind of goat simulator style troll job or what . it looks incredibly dull i mean maybe its not , i have n't played it , but on youtube it looks super boring 
the position the needle is in does n't change ? or the location it points to ? 	yep , the position does n't change at all . no matter how much i turn around or drop it then pick it up or whatever . 
the position the needle is in does n't change ? or the location it points to ? 	the needle literally does n't move at all . it 's completely static 
is this really a story on the freaking bbc ? 	bbc is absolutely dire for sports reporting . the rest of the news is fine , but holy shit they 're bad print journalism for sports . 
have n't time to read carefully cause i 'm at work but taking a quick glance at it , i have to admit the drawings are amazingly good ! 	thanks for the kind words , i 'll pass along the compliments ! 
finished reading the intro chapter and i could n't stop laughing ! looking forward to reading whats out so far : d 	i 'm happy to hear you liked my attempt at humour : d 
people like you is another reason that ruby rocks . 	well gee . i 'm just a guy who appreciates elegant object models . 
i have n't read the bill but did read elsewhere that insurance would n't cover the costs . 	i would imagine at this point that , seeing as the treatments are still in the trial stages , the costs should most often be on the research team . 
thats really sweet ! what was it ? unless it 's super personal . 	just a pizza button ha ha nothing else which i think it 's what makes it sweet . paying postage for such a tiny little pin . ha ha because my love of pizza is so strong . 
haha that 's great , yes , it 's really sweet . i hope you get to meet in person sometime ! 	i do too . maybe in a few years when my shits been sorted and i can actually afford to travel . 
spending the surplus now puts them at risk of needing major cuts to avoid a deficit next year . better to have a surplus and not spend it than scramble for money later . 	spending it on services that require investment for improvement makes more sense than leaving the money to sit . 
municipalities are obligated by law to not have a budget deficit . 	what does that have to do with not spending surplus ? 
what does that have to do with not spending surplus ? 	spending the surplus now puts them at risk of needing major cuts to avoid a deficit next year . better to have a surplus and not spend it than scramble for money later . 
i thought he rides the subway everyday from st . george since he lives right across from u of t on bedford . 	fair enough . that 's a pretty easy commute to city hall though - 4 stops , no transfer . 
then lets raise taxes . 	agreed . i 'd gladly pay a few bucks more each year to improve toronto . 
if there 's that many staff on comp , that 's another problem . 	they have over 10 , 000 employees . there 's not really that many of these positions . 
just cause you come out in the green does n't mean you should spend it . 	yes . it does . spend too improve the city which will bring in more money , to spend and improve the city . 
fair enough . that 's a pretty easy commute to city hall though - 4 stops , no transfer . 	have you see how busy the line is ? 
the toronto transit commission commission is cutting back because they have redundancy in their commissions . 	so they should be cutting the management staff that really do n't do much and those that are just hanging around until retirement ? 
just cause you come out in the green does n't mean you should spend it . 	so you think we should cut critical transit service even though we have the money to pay for it ? how absurd . 
pretty excited ! i had n't been collecting the quotes , but managed to get the full set last night in one trade . this will be my first award , so pumped ! 	same here - was offered a ton of quotes at the last min - excited to see which two i get . 
same here - was offered a ton of quotes at the last min - excited to see which two i get . 	what did you trade for the whole set ? i 'm thinking about seeing if anyone wants to trade the set for my vintage fett card . 
how did he go from that to having a chin like jabba the hut ? 	the man had a great head of hair . 
is there a subreddit for these kind of discussions ? i am extremely interested on the subject .   	ditto . i ca n't think of any good subreddits from the top of my head that deals with this sort of stuff . maybe visit a few mental illness or shaman related subreddits . 
do you have any update on this girl or know anything about her later life ? 	unfortunately , no . i 've long since left the field , as well . 
jeez . do you by any chance know if she bounced back from her horrible ordeal ? and how can something like that happen ? were the deaths related or just pure , awful chance ? 	two were suicides , due to the death of one of the others . 
well , memories of memories from 3 - 5 . their accuracy might be of question . but yeah it varies by individual of course . 	i have a memory from when i was 2 .  and it 's a legit memory , cos i remember it from my eyes . the stairs looked so big . 
that 's interesting . what does that say about adults who have memories from when they were younger than five - years old ? 	i thought it was age 3 , i certainly have a lot of memories from 3 - 5 , i think the previous poster is misinformed . 
you 're just making an assumption , you have no facts other than opinions to prove it . 	you mean no facts other than all of the neurological , physiological , and physical evidence ? since when are those considered opinions ? 
it 's the classic duck - horse dichotomy . 	would you rather fight 10 mothers with a father 's love or 1 father with 10 mother 's love ? 
did you just call reddit 's gaming community tasteless virgins that get overhyped for new releases because they ca n't get hyped over an so ? 	please tell me about your thought process that lead up to this conclusion , this reply interest me greatly 
too bad no one cares because she 's hot as hell . 	could n't careless if she has boobs . she just made me an ass man . 
can you dock multiple ports ? like say you have a fuselage with 3 ports on the side and a fuel tank with 3 ports . does only one pair actually dock or do all 3 pairs ? 	i think you can dock multiple ports together . it 's just quite difficult , since you have to ensure that they all line up . 
haha good luck getting all the docking ports to lock in . 	it 's really no more difficult than a single docking port . enables much more stable and larger builds too . 
seems like he got it to work just fine . i 've used multi - docking before too . it helps keep the craft from bending and rubber - banding all over the place . 	last time i tried to build a ship through docking ports , only one of the ports would actually connect , leaving the other one free to wiggle as much as it wanted . 
i wonder how many boosters it would take to go through the ground to orbit . 	i remember trying something like that and ending up getting ejected from the solar system going close to 0 . 5c 
part welder help with the count or is that not updated yet ? 	not using a welder here , it 's all individual pieces and the whole ship clocks in at 150 parts . very good fps !  go ahead and try it . 
do those nuclear engines not heat up really fucking fast ? i tried out an interplanetary craft a few days back with two sets of two nuclear engines and i had some huge heating issues . 	not at all . 3 . 5 mins at full throttle followed by damn near indefinite burn at half throttle , right up until they run dry , and not a single explosion . 
so you think we should just have unisex restrooms , and when a six year old girl needs to use the restroom , she should just have to fend for herself . 	the same argument could be made for single - user bathrooms , to protect the six - year old boys . especially since you 're describing pedophilia , which is a different phenomenon . 
and why do you care ? seriously , how does this affect you in any way ? 	it affects our children and future generations . we have a responsibility to raise our kids to be faithful orthodox christians and to try to shape society towards christ and christian morals . 
til : i could selectively choose which laws applied to me based on which ones i agreed with . 	were you actually stupid enough to have full faith in the law ?  good job boy scout 
evidence that they are false ? 	evidence that they are true though ? that 's the point 
it is n't a non offense . it is illegal . you might not think it should be , but no one can expect to break a law that they do n't like and not face consequences . 	so if a group of people decide that it is illegal to go outside on tuesday you would stay inside on tuesday ? 
so if i just thought about killing someone , when are the thought police coming to pick me up ? 	if you hired someone to kill someone , yes , that 's wrong . 
so basically you 're saying that if you were in charge , he should n't get life .  but in the real world , he absolutely should . 	actual murderers often enough do n't get life in prison . why does he deserve it more ? 
i 'm a fan of not making fucking retarded life choices . 	hey man , you ca n't have that opinion on reddit ! how else will neckbeards fulfill their shitty lives if not using drugs ? 
he created a website that was meant to sell anything . if he created a bitcoin marketplace , he should have shut it down once people started selling illegal shit over it . 	kinda reminds me of napster in the late 90 's . 
i swear someone needs to just write a bot that respond with this every time someone uses the word entrapment in a comment . 	i 'd like to warn you that he is completely wrong .   
sorry . not allowed to slang drugs unless you 're on the cia payroll . 	my only thought when reading the headline . how factual is it that you 'd be legally safe dealing for the cia ? 
yeah am i supposed to feel bad for this guy ? this thread is a joke . 	thank you . so much stupidity itt . the scope of silk road most likely was responsible for much more illegal , potentially deadly activities than we 'll ever know about . 
are 5 years old ? serious question , because you 're equating rule of law with morality , which frankly only a small child would do . 	in terms of morality what he did was even more egregious than simply breaking the law . 
illegal or not its a consensual trade . to buy drugs from silk road you had to know what you were doing . he did n't take advantage of homeless drug addicts with nothing to lose . 	he had people killed or tried to . what 's so hard to understand ? lock him up . 
he ordered hits on six people . let not pretend this is just some drug war stuff . cut the shitty half assed circle jerk comments out , you 're not adding anything to this conversation . 	we honestly do n't know if those accusations are even true . 
and now i have no remorse for the person spending their life in prison . 	those charges were very quickly dropped and none of the sentence is for having done that . 
lpt : if anybody ever tells you they are a hit man , that person is a cop . 	some of this stuff reminds me of breaking bad and how walt was just in over his head . 
came here to say exactly this . it 's disgusting . your kid was a junkie and he would have gotten his shit somewhere else . the root of the problem is not the silk road . 	shhh , quiet you ! there are multiple 3 - letter - agencies whose continued existence is dependent upon perpetual enforcement of draconian anti - drug laws . now , get back to work . 
yeah am i supposed to feel bad for this guy ? this thread is a joke . 	yeah , after reading that , he can rot in jail for all i care . 
are you not from the us , because here life actually means life . 	so why not just kill him instead ? 
yeah am i supposed to feel bad for this guy ? this thread is a joke . 	but think about how many lives he saved from making drugs safer to buy !  that 's like way more than the 6 people he tried to kill who did n't even get killed , probably .  ron paul 2012 ! 
that thread was the most intense 15 minutes of reading in my life . gad ! 	do n't stop reading , keep researching , educate people about it .  that 's the only way things will change . 
and they ca n't buy kids on silk road anymore either . 	source ? by your way of thinking weapons manufacturers , and governments who go to war should be prosecuted and sentenced to life too , right ? 
yeah , but ross did n't know that . he thought he was having someone killed . that says some pretty damning things about his character . 	oh yea definitely , he 's terrible . 
if he knew it was a scam , who would be so stupid to still go ahead with doing something that costly and incriminating ? 	was it all a scam though ? was n't a picture sent of a dead guy with some random numbers ? 
yup . a friend of mine was shot in the head and killed last year . his killer 's sentence ? 8 years . he 'll be out in 5 . the system is fucked . 	i also had a friend get shot in the head by an 18 yr old thug , back sometime in 2007 . the dude is already walking free . 
remember , kids . if you want to be a criminal but do n't want to go to jail , work for a big bank . 	or become a cop . or run for public office . 
in fairness , he did make it readily available for almost anyone , and its not their fault they didnt constantly shield them . 	it 's their fault for failing as parents and raising their children to realize the harmful effects of drugs . these parents are failures . 
i do n't feel bad for this guy , really . but life in prison is pretty fucking extreme for things that should be completely legal . 	you do realize he went full heisenberg and sent hitmen after people , right ? 
it so has not been proven in court . he was never charged with it and for good reason . 	it 's a separate trial in maryland and is still ongoing . he absolutely was charged with it , and for good reason : he did it . 
yup . a friend of mine was shot in the head and killed last year . his killer 's sentence ? 8 years . he 'll be out in 5 . the system is fucked . 	my best friend got life in jail with parole in 20 years for not killing someone . the guys who killed the guy got 18 years . 
of course , they 're not a bunch of dumb bikers . 	lol , you do n't need to be smart to be good at it , by any means . 
ricky ross was sentenced to life in prison as well but got the charges reduced to 20 years on appeal . 	the real one , not the rapper 
there are tons of missing facts here to make a judgement about the sentence . for example it was probably a plea and not a cold blooded murder . 	even if it was a plea . 8 years for ending someone 's life is pretty fucking short a time period . 
there are people saying that because the hits did n't happen , it 's okay .  these are the same people who are upset nobody in politics takes them seriously or cares what they think . 	there are people saying that because illegal drone strikes kill terrorists , it 's okay .  these are the same people running our country who do n't care about your opinion at all either . 
fuck junkies , dealers , any the people that enable them through avenues like the silk road . i do n't feel bad for this guy at all . 	so you 're a gigantic asshole and a piece of shit , good to know . 
to be fair , they 'd prolly get shot dead by cops the second they broke in to arrest them . 	better hope you are white . 
evidence that the cops stole your drug money is not a defense to selling drugs . it is not relevant to his charges . 	yep . and even as a gross oversimplification , your first sentence is n't relevant to anything i 've said about this case . 
sorry . not allowed to slang drugs unless you 're on the cia payroll . 	oh what , did the super - shady crypto - currency - based illegal drug web commerce site get him in trouble ? damn that fucking cia ! because that 's totally related ! 
oh shit , firearm manufacturers are in trouble ! also big pharma is going down for all those pills that have the potential to be abused and create black markets . 	except those things are regulated and have laws pertaining to them , unlike silk road and such . 
evidence that they are false ? 	evidence that they are true ? 
people can murder others and get 10 years . what a farce . 	yeah because all those murderers are also running a multi - million dollar illegal drug empire . 
he ordered hits on six people . let not pretend this is just some drug war stuff . cut the shitty half assed circle jerk comments out , you 're not adding anything to this conversation . 	yeah . when he decided to play god and have people killed , that 's where my sympathy for him goes out the window . act like a sociopathic mob boss , get sentenced like a sociopathic mob boss . 
sorry . not allowed to slang drugs unless you 're on the cia payroll . 	he ordered hits on six people . let not pretend this is just some drug war stuff . cut the shitty half assed circle jerk comments out , you 're not adding anything to this conversation . 
'cept for all those hits he attempted to arrange . 	i 'm not defending that action but is there no defense for this considering the hit was a sting ? would that only be in a case where the cop comes to you to suggest the hit ? 
college educated white collar peep here . where do i get these drugs ? 	any bar with jam band music . 
ok kids if you want your drugs now you 'll have to go into a dark alley in the bad part of town . 	or , you know , the local college .  most drug dealers are middle - class white guys in their 20s that are not going to stab you .   
so if i just thought about killing someone , when are the thought police coming to pick me up ? 	do you honestly believe this is the same as trying to hire a hitman to kill a person you believe exists ? 
there are dozens of markets and many people are just doing direct orders with the sellers . 	i suppose hard data on this is an impossible ask , but it certainly seems to me like , at best , there 's been a huge slowdown in growth of the online drugs market , if not full blown shrinkage . 
what a fucking travesty . land of the free my ass . 	i do n't want to live in a world where i have to face the consequences of hiring contract killers ! 
because they do n't have evidence to prove it , which is supposed to be important to our legal system . 	but they will plaster the claim everywhere . could he sue for libel ? 
drive through norfolk , stop in a project neighborhood and within a block you can get a bag of h , bud , or crack even if you know noone 	i 'm not doubting it but that 's really not the point at all . 
yeah that 's a pretty powerful quote . but then when you remember he attempted to hire hitmen to kill 6 people , it sort of invalidates it . 	stop spewing horse shit . 
so child molesters and rapists get released back into society while this guys gets a life sentence ? 	child molesters and rapists dont cut into that sweet sweet black market drug money that certain 3 letter agencies and big banks love so much . 
put that shit on my bagels , son 	you could actually fail a drug test if you eat a couple of those bagels . 
you are free to move to a country with different laws . have fun in syria . 	he actually is n't . it 's difficult to become a citizen of a different country because you do n't agree with the laws of your own . 
put that shit on my bagels , son 	listen , you fail drug tests your way , i 'll fail them mine . 
sorry . not allowed to slang drugs unless you 're on the cia payroll . 	forgive my ignorance but did he actually sell drugs or simply create a marketplace for drugs to be sold ? 
yup . a friend of mine was shot in the head and killed last year . his killer 's sentence ? 8 years . he 'll be out in 5 . the system is fucked . 	my coworkers mom was murdered in her home during a robbery and the home burned to the ground . he admitted it to police got 8 years and is out now . 
or no prison time at all because he 's a nonviolent offender who only hosted a site for willing people to buy drugs . 	thankfully we still leave in a country where you ca n't openly sell hard drugs . 
yep they just want to have someone to blame . junkies are junkies . maybe she should look at her parenting . that probably has more to do with her sons death than ross operating a website . 	eh , everyone assumes that all junkies have shit parents but that is n't always the case . my parents were pretty ideal and i 'm a heroin addict . 
what does the cia gain from dealing drugs in the usa ? more money on the side ? 	i 'm not saying the cia is directly dealing drugs necessarily . i 'm saying they are giving money and material support to people who are dealing drugs in the usa and elsewhere . 
i think reddit is extra circlejerky today . 	it 's topics like these that i found reddit really has a very twisted sense of justice . 
you have no idea how the justice system works , do you ? 	possibly , but i suppose neither does the judge , right ? 
i 'm not a court or versed in law here , but premeditated murder seems hard to morally justify in terms of entrapment even once . 	right but some people are not in government for the morals , unfortunately , so shit does happen but there are reasons and they will get sorted out with time , patience , and effort . 
lpt : if anybody ever tells you they are a hit man , that person is a cop . 	knows a guy who knows a guy ? talking to a liar 
sorry . not allowed to slang drugs unless you 're on the cia payroll . 	he did a little more than just sell some drugs . 
the internet was n't specifically built to cater to drug transactions . the silk road definitely was . 	and there are countless other sites on the deep web doing exactly the same . 
none of those charges , or evidence , were part of this trial . 	yeah , but they were introduced at trial and at sentencing . he was a fucking piece of shit . 
if the charges were dropped , it 's highly probable that the evidence did n't meet the legal burden . 	i was under the impression he was still on trial for that in maryland . 
compare that to how much time the bankers got that destroyed the economy in 2008 .  edit : thank you for the gold , kind stranger 	dae wall street are the only real criminals ? 
tylenol kills about 150 people every year . execute the ceo of walgreens . 	how does tylenol kill someone ? genuinely curious . 
no , shhh . he 's a hero of our generation , almost a saint . rip ross your sacrifice will not be in vain 	they have transcripts that he put a hit out on 6 people . people who dont exist . 
or no prison time at all because he 's a nonviolent offender who only hosted a site for willing people to buy drugs . 	reddit : defending a guy who tried to have people murdered , because we have a boner for drugs 
i love finding posts on reddit that later get edited . they 're always the most hilariously passive aggressive bullshit and it 's funny every fucking time . today is no different . 	i was at 60 upvotes before the edit and am now here , watch me fly 
the dealings were n't free though . he made a profit off of the dealings . the doj in the trial claimed it was upwards of 150 million owed . 	free as in freedom . being able to put whatever you want in your body without going to prison or worrying about the local drug dealer that likes to carry a gun . 
oh yes because the anti - drug laws make absolute sense do you also refuse to rip the tags on your mattress because it tells you not to ?   	til : i could selectively choose which laws applied to me based on which ones i agreed with . 
or you just stop doing them . use the money for a ps4 or some hookers or whatever . 	i have been wanting to play bloodborne , and my prescriptions are kind of expensive . you may be on to something here . 
the first one for the 80k was a dea agent . the transcript here is with an unknown person scamming him out of money . 	wow . pretending to kill people is easier than killing people 
was it not relevant to his sentence ? it probably was n't tried because it was scripted , however , he certainly intended to have those people killed . 	he was n't on trial for that . it is irrelevant for sentencing in this case . 
even if it was a plea . 8 years for ending someone 's life is pretty fucking short a time period . 	does someone deserve to serve more than 8 years if they defend themselves from an intruder and end up killing the person ? 
even if it was a plea . 8 years for ending someone 's life is pretty fucking short a time period . 	it is , but the fact is no one gains anything concrete for keeping people in jail for decades . 
they were able to arrive at this sentencing for such a controversial trial , yet are unable to do so when le officers are involved in a much more straight forward abuse of power cases . 	most of the cases with leo use of force that reddit thinks are straight forward are not straight forward . 
came here to say exactly this . it 's disgusting . your kid was a junkie and he would have gotten his shit somewhere else . the root of the problem is not the silk road . 	bro this happens everywhere , this is not unique to the silk road case 
how in the fuck did he enable human trafficking ? 	you 've got a lot of reading to do if you do n't know that silk road was used for human trafficking purposes by a shit ton of people . 
oh really ? what is that reason ? 	you do n't think there is a reason ? that it happened by random in most countries 's laws ? 
goddamn right . for less than the cost of destroying the fields , we could just buy the damn stuff to keep it off the market . 	or give it to low - income terminal cancer patients who want it and are n't responding to less effective pain management . it was considered a useful pain medicine at one point . 
those are blatant lies made up by a corrupt dea officer . notice how he is n't being tried for any of that - it 's because those claims were false . 	wrong . he is still being tried for murder for hire , but in a different trial in maryland . 
i missed that part of the story . so in that case , sure definitely needed extra time on top of running the site , however , i still think life is a bit tough when comparing to other sentences . 	the life sentence was only regarding the website . 
sorry . not allowed to slang drugs unless you 're on the cia payroll . 	if there 's one thing i learned , it 's two wrongs are right . 
charging the founder is not trying to hide or censor it ? it very much applies . it 's about silk road , not the dark web in general 	what no . it 's a very public trial . how is charging a criminal for a crime hiding the crime ? 
sounds like an interesting read - got a link handy ? 	i get the subscription sent to my house old school style . u could probably get it on google magazine . it was the first half of may issue . 
yeah am i supposed to feel bad for this guy ? this thread is a joke . 	the cia sells drugs . what would we find if we investigated them ? maybe hits on people ? 
yeah that 's a pretty powerful quote . but then when you remember he attempted to hire hitmen to kill 6 people , it sort of invalidates it . 	many people do n't get life sentence with actual murder charges . nobody died here . 
dude , the guy tried to have six people murdered , you 're calling him a friend and a hero ? what the fuck is wrong with you ? 	your comment makes it obvious you did no outside research of the case . why not start now ? 
reminiscent of the theory that the us govt flooded poor neighborhoods with crack cocaine . any ideas on other things that could have lead to the sharp increase ? 	its not a theory when it comes out as a scandal they accepted a public shaming for like the cia 's drug smuggling connections . 
find a house for sale . ship it there . remove the sign the day it 's gonna be delivered 	and hope like hell the people that last lived there do n't have their mail forwarded to their new address 
sorry . not allowed to slang drugs unless you 're on the cia payroll . 	 or hsbc for that matter . too big to fail or jail . 
compare that to how much time the bankers got that destroyed the economy in 2008 .  edit : thank you for the gold , kind stranger 	is that a joke about how time is money ? or maybe is this ? 
wait , he put hits on people ? sympathy instantly lost . 	he was essentially a major drug lord . 
or no prison time at all because he 's a nonviolent offender who only hosted a site for willing people to buy drugs . 	not just drugs . drugs , weapons , poisons , forged documents , fake ids , stolen credit cards , hacking tools , etc . 
you do n't think there is a reason ? that it happened by random in most countries 's laws ? 	ok if its so common what is the reason ? 
i think they are taking into consideration the fact that , essentially because of him six people overdosed and died - some of which were just kids . 	that 's nonsense . others have already made solid arguments . should gun manufacturers get charged every time someone use their guns to kill themselves or other people ? 
yeah this has movie written all over it . 	yeah , i ca n't wait to watch two hours of a bunch of dudes typing furiously in their underwear and no one actually dying . 
yep . and those people he tried to kill consented to being murdered , that one guy also consented to being tortured and then murdered . nailed it , kiddo . 	but they threatened to hurt him first , right ? seems more like self defense than murder . he did n't just pick people who had n't done anything wrong and try to have them murdered . 
should we be charging alcohol company executives because people get alcohol poisoning or kill people driving while intoxicated ? 	nah , it 's bullshit . but that 's what allowed them to hit him w life 
he ordered hits on six people . let not pretend this is just some drug war stuff . cut the shitty half assed circle jerk comments out , you 're not adding anything to this conversation . 	i 'm glad someone gilded you . hivemind reddit is dumb as fuck sometimes . 
yet the agents who killed women and children at waco got promoted . 	hey , what 's the name of that one agent who shot the wife in the face while she was holding her baby ? 
sorry . not allowed to slang drugs unless you 're on the cia payroll . 	or a cop trying to trap someone . 
is that even legal ? making an example of someone ? 	the judge sentenced him within the sentencing guidelines . of course that is legal . 
this is the worst thing i 've read all month .  sending my best wishes ross , thanks . 	the guy took out hits on people 's lives . you feel sorry for him ? really ? 
the saddest part about this is that rapists , and child molesters do n't get life sentences . 	and they ca n't buy kids on silk road anymore either . 
he was essentially a major drug lord . 	a shitty one at that . good at distribution , not good at the violent side . 
i was fascinated by the guy being a criminal mastermind , but fairly tech illiterate . 	which guy ? the fake hell 's angels dude ? 
came here to say exactly this . it 's disgusting . your kid was a junkie and he would have gotten his shit somewhere else . the root of the problem is not the silk road . 	but it 's a lot easier to find someone to blame rather than actually solving the problem . 
he ordered hits on six people . let not pretend this is just some drug war stuff . cut the shitty half assed circle jerk comments out , you 're not adding anything to this conversation . 	there would never have been hits if drugs were legal in the first place . drug laws have created more crimes then they have prevented . in my opinion of course . 
ha i had accepted that risk mentally , it was drug dogs st the post office i was worried about . i guess papers are n't as pungent as pot leaves . 	find a house for sale . ship it there . remove the sign the day it 's gonna be delivered 
sorry . not allowed to slang drugs unless you 're on the cia payroll . 	the murdering people bit , or at least trying his very best to was probably more what was considered . 
yeah am i supposed to feel bad for this guy ? this thread is a joke . 	seriously . gtfo here with that shit 
people keep bring up that hit scandal , when no one knows real details . all details have come from one side , the prosecutors . reddit can be so close minded to the actual truth its frightening . 	meh , the fact that he made millions per month makes all the fanboys who think he was just motivated by ideology idiots . 
didnt he hire a hitman to try and kill someone ?  edit : apparently this was never proven and the evidence that suggests it did happen is shady and questionable at best . 	he was never found guilty of such a crime , nor tried for it . 
that evidence was part of the narcotics conspiracy charge , and was presented at trial . obviously the judge can consider evidence that was presented at trial . 	no he ca n't , it 's from a separate trial . 
the streisand effects when you try to hide , remove , or censor a piece of information and thus it becomes well known . no one in the trial is trying to hide the existence of dark web . 	charging the founder is not trying to hide or censor it ? it very much applies . it 's about silk road , not the dark web in general 
read the date , that 's a separate trial case with nothing to do with this one he was given the life sentence for . 	him saying its cool to sell cyanide makes me think hes a pretty shitty person . 
ok kids if you want your drugs now you 'll have to go into a dark alley in the bad part of town . 	if you want to live the life perhaps you should see first hand what it looks like . 
wait , he put hits on people ? sympathy instantly lost . 	the person was black mailing him , i do n't know if that changes things but it 's not like it was a hit on an ex girlfriend or something . 
yeah that 's a pretty powerful quote . but then when you remember he attempted to hire hitmen to kill 6 people , it sort of invalidates it . 	none of those charges , or evidence , were part of this trial . 
those fake people cornered him into it , afaik 	he 's the real victim here 
yeah am i supposed to feel bad for this guy ? this thread is a joke . 	yeah guy sounds like a piece of shit . 
that thread was the most intense 15 minutes of reading in my life . gad ! 	heh . this thread was jacked pretty well . glad all this is at top of a top post . 
yep . and those people he tried to kill consented to being murdered , that one guy also consented to being tortured and then murdered . nailed it , kiddo . 	was he on trial for attempted murder ? or for selling drugs ? 
that was a fascinating read . it felt like something right out of breaking bad . 	i was fascinated by the guy being a criminal mastermind , but fairly tech illiterate . 
he ordered hits on six people . let not pretend this is just some drug war stuff . cut the shitty half assed circle jerk comments out , you 're not adding anything to this conversation . 	true , and the cia has never done that . 
would you argue that jack daniel 's should be charged if a teenager gets their hands on a handle and dies of alcohol poisoning ? 	no , but the liquor store damn sure should be held accountable . 
none of those charges , or evidence , were part of this trial . 	no , but sometimes people are okay with a shitty person getting slammed with a charge even if that charge is n't the reason he 's a shitty person . 
reddit : defending a guy who tried to have people murdered , because we have a boner for drugs 	did you read the transcripts ? he had already ordered 1 successful murder previously , and had another man murdered . 
i 'm a fan of not making fucking retarded life choices . 	putting that stick up your ass was a retarded life choice . 
he did not order a hitman to try and kill people . those were blatant false charges against him by a corrupt dea agent . 	not dea , secret service 
keep lying to yourself that he did n't aid in the kidnap and rape of children he 's lucky he gets to live 	still have n't seen any proof , if this were true , people would have screen shot it asap and post it on forums . you should n't make such accusations without any sort of proof . 
do the people behind craigslist specifically endorse drug sales ? 	is n't their logo a hippie peace sign ? i 'd say that 's a bingo . 
yeah this has movie written all over it . 	i would plan a whole weekend around watching it honestly . 
child pornography , illegal weapons , assassination services to name a few . 	no . wrong 
sorry . not allowed to slang drugs unless you 're on the cia payroll . 	he did n't sell drugs . he made a website . 
it 's a risk yeah . you have no way of knowing if the seller is a fed which is why i only did it once to get some lsd which i could n't find anywhere else . if you get set up you 're fucked . 	ha i had accepted that risk mentally , it was drug dogs st the post office i was worried about . i guess papers are n't as pungent as pot leaves . 
 or hsbc for that matter . too big to fail or jail . 	but if they pressed charges on bank executives for knowingly laundering money for drug cartels the stock price could be chaotic . we ca n't have that . 
came here to say exactly this . it 's disgusting . your kid was a junkie and he would have gotten his shit somewhere else . the root of the problem is not the silk road . 	reminds of safe injection sites in vancouver . they actually help the population not overdose for those that do drugs , although the city is trying to shut them down 
yeah am i supposed to feel bad for this guy ? this thread is a joke . 	afaik that trial has yet to begin . the sentence he just got was just for the drug trade . 
he ordered hits on six people . let not pretend this is just some drug war stuff . cut the shitty half assed circle jerk comments out , you 're not adding anything to this conversation . 	he was never found guilty of this , in fact , it 's most probably that the feds made that up to make him look bad in the media . 
that was one of the most chilling transcripts i 've ever read . i 'm sitting here on my cell phone and it was literally goosebumps inducing . 	i 'm reading it on my couch , and i had to go outside for a minute . fuck . 
sorry . not allowed to slang drugs unless you 're on the cia payroll . 	because someone else is wrong that makes me right ? this guys seems like a grade a douche who actively tried to murder people . i have 0 sympathy for him . 
the regular drug business is n't nearly as regulated . unless you have a dealer that you know and trust it 's really hard to know for sure what you 're buying . 	and the silk road was n't nearly as regulated as dairy products are . 
yeah am i supposed to feel bad for this guy ? this thread is a joke . 	you should still feel sorry for this guy because he got fucking life in prison without parole . 
tylenol kills about 150 people every year . execute the ceo of walgreens . 	finally , someone with fucking brains , the tylenol is literally going to kill you before the vicodin does . 
he ordered hits on six people . let not pretend this is just some drug war stuff . cut the shitty half assed circle jerk comments out , you 're not adding anything to this conversation . 	there is significant controversy to whether this is true iirc . the drug thing is true obviously . well , the fact he made a place where people could do it is true . 
that was one of the most chilling transcripts i 've ever read . i 'm sitting here on my cell phone and it was literally goosebumps inducing . 	seriously . a little scary to live in a world with those kinds of conversations happening . 
and hope like hell the people that last lived there do n't have their mail forwarded to their new address 	unless they forwarded fedex or ups you 're probably good . most people just forward usps . 
sorry . not allowed to slang drugs unless you 're on the cia payroll . 	he tried to have someone murdered bro . 
what fucking evil asshole . 	he started with good intentions and let power and money get to his head . 
ok kids if you want your drugs now you 'll have to go into a dark alley in the bad part of town . 	or you know - do n't break the law . also do n't feel bad for this guy . he 's basically a drug lord and he put out hits on people . 
sorry . not allowed to slang drugs unless you 're on the cia payroll . 	or if you are part of hsbc bank laundering untold amounts of money for the drug cartels . this shit is ridiculous . 
or call up your college educated white collar peeps . 	college educated white collar peep here . where do i get these drugs ? 
so if i was a massive middleman that got paid to direct people to buy drugs that i was n't selling myself , i 'd get life in prison ? 	possibly , but you definitely would if you put hits on people for absolute no reason like this guy did . 
itt : people defending mass drug dealing 	we have politicians defending mass drug dealing as long as alcohol and tobacco are legal . 
sorry . not allowed to slang drugs unless you 're on the cia payroll . 	i 'm sorry , but this is the type of stuff people give gold to ? 
he ordered hits on six people . let not pretend this is just some drug war stuff . cut the shitty half assed circle jerk comments out , you 're not adding anything to this conversation . 	honesty i do n't really care about the hits . i know they ended up being fake , but if it was real , i mean you 're ripping off drug lords i think you know exactly what the consequences are 
did they prove any of that ? 	thats how they caught him , that specific sting where he tried to order a hit on an undercover fbi agent from a library computer in california . 
sorry . not allowed to slang drugs unless you 're on the cia payroll . 	the greatest generation is dead . who honestly still thinks that lsd and free love are going to destroy society ? 
they were able to arrive at this sentencing for such a controversial trial , yet are unable to do so when le officers are involved in a much more straight forward abuse of power cases . 	blame it on people . juries decide those matters , not the government . 
ruin lives and profit from human misery ? you seem to eat up the propaganda very easily . not all drug users look like they just came from a concentration camp and are being taken advantage of . 	silk road sold more than recreational drugs . 
i hope they bring it back on pc during a tactical alert like they did for machete and ether daggers . 	in all honest , i do n't understand why it 's not in the marketplace or the research lab . what compelling reason did de have to remove it and make it such a rare reward ? 
i did n't know 17 - 18 year olds still have bedtime . 	alright . now you have to go to bed . 
and dunmer have glowing red . i have used 3rd person . 	ca n't you choose what specific colour eyes you want for your character ? mine is red on the left and blind on the right . 
ca n't you choose what specific colour eyes you want for your character ? mine is red on the left and blind on the right . 	yes , but you do n't choose that for npcs . also , dunmer eyes do n't glow . 
in the vanilla game vampires have glowing orange eyes . 	and dunmer have glowing red . i have used 3rd person . 
good to meet you as well . your beer drinking ability is overshadowed only by your pizza eating skillz . 	years of practice tim , years of practice 
i think you better just throw the oven out . microwave too , light bulbs , pringles . basically just throw away everything and you 'll avoid cancer . 	to bad i ca n't throw the sun away too 
that 's a smart choice . you 'll avoid a lot of crap that way . 	it just really sucks . i have a high sex drive and it is n't getting the chance to be expressed . 
we share it . he has to give permission every time i need to use it . 	even if you ca n't leave him right now , at the very least you need to get your own bank account . start saving up for when you are able to leave him . 
i 'm trying to get better at standing up for myself , this was a huge step for me . 	you have to scare the inferior males away from you as part of the screening process , before you get to the part where you start having sex with them . 
we share it . he has to give permission every time i need to use it . 	this right here , of all your comments , is what terrified me the most . i hope that you are able to extract yourself and your child from this situation . 
you need to file a complaint . not to get dark , but if something were to happen with this dude , it would help for the fuzz to have some documentation or places to start . do not confront him . 	who do i file a complaint to ? if i have n't confronted the guy , can i still file a complaint ? what happens when i file a complaint ? 
i hate when things on amazon are combined into one page and you are looking at reviews for like 10 different products . 	i agree . i was on the fence between this and another product , but at the price , i was willing to take a gamble . 
pretty hot but the one on the left needs to stop wearing her baby sister 's bikini and get one that fits . 	i 'm fine with it . 
dota 2 does n't need mods sounds . 	i created an account just say that you 're everything wrong that is happening to the game right now . 
if you have to perform this radical of an operation , do n't pursue this bra in a different size . get a different bra . 	well , it 's really not all that radical . strap location is a very common fit problem . but never the less i own the bra now , so in the moment feed back is preferred . 
nice primary arms gear . its bad that i 'm within jogging distance of the store front . 	my bank account would cry . 
my bank account would cry . 	mine does all the time , lol . i 'm really good friends with the manager of the store front . he is always convincing me to buy something that in reality i do n't need , lol 
no shit . is it out of the box quiet , or do you need a subsonic blade and suppressor ? 	if you run the suppressor wet than you can hear it cut through the nitrogen atoms in the air . 
especially when he 's consistently voting against same - sex legislation . he wants all the good tops for himself ! 	hahahahahaha - that finally explains why these closet queens vote against the gays ! genius . 
yeah he increased the resistance on the button for a more tactile feel , so you have to click your mouse harder 	jokes aside the thing is i cant press where the fps are . 
can you please show verification of these gift code ? 	i would be glad to , what would you like me to provide and by what means ? are you looking for the code or the card i still have the receipt from where it was activated . 
my dream is that down the road the two worlds will collide . i know it 's not canon but spencer has the power 	avenger 's style team up . for the fate of the multi - verse ! 
i know the guy is a douche , but at what point do ya call for an ambulance ? lol  	right after the tea bag session . 
you sound like a pro , a total veteran of the cage and the street . 	he sounds like one of those guys who tries to impress someone by knowing a lot about fighting . 
i was thinking that . do n't know why his dude was lifting him up . i think the position he was knocked out in seemed fairly comfortable . 	yea , the first guy definitely should not have rolled him onto his back . 
also , i do n't know a single man in his 20 's that would say his dad could n't still kick his ass . 	i 'd fight my dad and win 
i know the guy is a douche , but at what point do ya call for an ambulance ? lol  	i 've learned you 're supposed to pour water on their head and jerk them off . 
you say winnable but no team gets the the quarter finals by accident ! 	true ! after birmingham we 'd play either man city or arsenal in the semi 's so i say winnable in comparison to one of those ! 
never heard of him i 'm afraid mate , at our academy ? 	yep . perhaps he was released . used to go to my school . he 's good . 
shower thought : every date is made up of consecutive digits of pi . 	i cannot fault that logic . 
is this funny ? am i missing something ? how does this relate to gta ? 	it 's not funny in a traditional sense . but it is amusing that heists the the desire to have it delivered as promised is as ubiquitous as it appears to be in this instance . 
seriously ? it 's not his , thus it 's theft . this is n't some sort or moral grey area . op just wants to justify himself . 	no , it 's really not . theft requires intent . he had no intent to steal the money . he did n't con her out of it or take it out of her purse .   
once they see the error , it will be his problem . 	that still does n't make it theft . theft is a legal term with a legal definition , and there is absolutely no question that this is not theft , from a legal point of view . 
are they removing the subscription or something ? cause then i might actually play it . 	wait , they do n't require a subscription anymore ? i can open the giant box i got for free now ? 
unrelated to subscriptions and peasantry , is eso any good ? i want to play it once the subscriptions go away , but i know very little about it . 	it 's pretty fun . all npcs are voiced , there 's interesting quests , a massive map to explore , secrets , and easter eggs .  totally worth it if you do n't have a subscription 
unrelated to subscriptions and peasantry , is eso any good ? i want to play it once the subscriptions go away , but i know very little about it . 	beta was very boring , if your into mmos go for it , if your into elder scrolls but not mmos then you should avoid 
march 17th . it still comes with 30 days of game time though , so if you time it right you can get the 30 days of game time and then transition right into no - sub . 	why would you get it with 30 days of game time if it 's going to be pay to play anyway ? are there extra benefits ? genuine question , never played eso . 
rats leaving a sinking ship . a good indicator they know something the rest of the world does n't . when the majority of jews are gone all hell is going to break loose . 	that 's why i feel safe from terrorist attacks in los angeles , way too many here to let that happen . 
i do n't think so . if my dad knows , he would 've put a stop to it a long time ago . 	too awkward m8 , and would probably cause a shitstorm more than your family can handle 
it 's called being 14 . 	i might have skipped being fourteen because i never did this . 
abs on a skinny person are like big boobs on a fat woman : nothing to brag about . 	a fat girl bragging about having big tits is like a homeless man bragging about having a 7 day weekend . 
that 's not a muscular abdomen kid , that 's being extremely skinny . 	abs on a skinny person are like big boobs on a fat woman : nothing to brag about . 
it 's still pretty shite , m8 .  even if it was not , i would still feel uncomfortable supporting the developers in any way . 	well it was a purchase i made a long time ago still a ton better then when it started . still needs work though . 
wow , i did n't know you could speak flood ! 	i think he 's telling us to get in his mouth ! 
does n't really make much sense , a dead german would be better for the cause than a freaked out one . 	the freaked out one goes on to freak out more of them , until they 're afraid to sleep and post more guards to guard the guards . 
one of my friends does n't ever go into the comments of reddit . i keep trying to tell him that the comments are the best part but homie is all about the links 	aw man he does n't know what he 's missing out on . comment sections can be gold mines . 
time to rewatch every season of rvb . 	how much rvb is on netflix ? it says there 's only one season but there 's 5 episodes and each is over an hour long , so i assume each episode is actually 1 season worth of the net show ? 
that sort of thing is usually a designer 's decision , not a programmer 's . 	they work with computers and shit . anyone who does that is a programmer . 
there was no resolution to that clip . why did i spend almost 11 min watching that ? 	they are respawning i think . you can download the map and play in it yourself . 
does n't really make much sense , a dead german would be better for the cause than a freaked out one . 	putting a bloody knife in his hand certainly would . 
i 've watched everything that 's on netflix but i 'm not sure which seasons that covers . i want to continue watching but idk where to pick it up again . 	you watched seasons 1 to 5 . you can start at season 6 . 
i work with photoshop . am i a programmer ? 	according to this guy yes . as a programmer . fuck no and fuck you learn to computer . 
how do you kill enemies silently in halo ? 	with the butt of your gun . 
my first go - around with halo one of the marines shot up a dead body . i did n't like that so i smacked the marine . to teach him a lesson .  he died .  wut . 	you 're a spartan , which can flip tanks and fall from space . even high fiving a marine would be a bad idea . 
they work with computers and shit . anyone who does that is a programmer . 	because all architects are builders , and all fashion designers work in sweat shops 
this really bothered me when they added that bit of flavor to them .  if they 're walking around with methane tanks everywhere , they should be walking fireball factories . 	they can and do explode if you shoot them in the tank , at least in halo 4 if not earlier . 
bit late , but i do the same thing in ac - walk behind a group of guards and silently kill one by one and stop at the last one . his reaction is pretty funny too 	then knock him out and leave him hidden in a cart full of hay beneath the bloody corpses of his friends . 
you can also watch it all on youtube , either look for a full video of each seasons , or go to the rooster teeth channel and find the playlists 	all except season 12 . that is on roosterteeth . com though 
they work with computers and shit . anyone who does that is a programmer . 	false .  source : used to work help desk . people who with with computers generally know nothing about computers . 
it 's in the form of a stranger mission and is n't treated as a main story quest . what would you call it ? 	the actual ending of the game since the game 's title card is displayed after finishing jack 's mission and the credits play . 
the nicest part was that you could fly to the control room much faster this way . 	you seriously skipped about half the level this way , it was beautiful . 
i actually felt awful for the grunts . i hate them in reach and 4 but only because i ca n't understand them . 	tis sad , they 're a race enslaved by covenant and used as nothing more than cannon fodder . 
its all right , we both tried to be smart and were both wrong . shows what we get . 	i like my definition better .  the pain is really the entire situation , just liking to watch it go down is the thing . 
i find that funny , they 're a technologically advanced civilization and they do n't really think much about a spartan besides it being a supernatural entity . 	the covenant are technologically advanced , but they worship the prophets . its basically just a religion 
so why are the covenant afraid of the flood ? their biggest and baddest are immune . send in a squad of hunter commandos . infection cured . 	i do n't think they are immune , just that an infected worm would n't be any good to the flood and you ca n't infect the whole colony at once . 
fuck that . the grunts should have kept on fighting . the bird men were being dicks and they just blew your planet up . time to double down and leave this shitty covenant . 	not fighting was the proper move at the end of the day , humanity collapsed the covenant and grunts keep their homeworld . 
you just have n't turned up the volume high enough . 	why not just make 10 louder ? 
you 're god damn right . 	with a some breaking bad ?  i found my home . 
you 're a spartan , which can flip tanks and fall from space . even high fiving a marine would be a bad idea . 	true . true . but a smack across the cheek should n't - accidentally - kill your allies . 
does n't really make much sense , a dead german would be better for the cause than a freaked out one . 	it costs an army more to take care of a mentally unstable soldier , than a dead one . it 's the reason why terrorists sometimes wound rather than kill . 
that 's not a secret ending dude . 	it 's in the form of a stranger mission and is n't treated as a main story quest . what would you call it ? 
how long do you have to wait for this current tenant to vacate ? 	around 30 days . renting a room from a friend who has to kindly evict the current tenant . i 'm ultimately looking for a few places so i 'm not bothering anyone for too long . 
i could n't get past level 14 . it 's too hard 	i just downloaded it 14 was n't bad . 28 and 30 suck and the ad that pops up in the middle is super fucking annoying 
smugness , arrogance , pride , stubbornness , etc . 	pride ? ca n't i be proud of something now ? and stubbornness can be useful . 
are n't we feeding cows and chickens little ground up bits of the unhealthy ones that die early ?  edit : not usually . i should research things before i repeat them . sorry everyone . 	mad cow disease ? 
that 's not how parasites work . parasites in animals wo n't die just because it 's cold outside , inside their host it 's warm . worms will do just fine in the winter . 	i was n't referring to worms . just the parasites on the outside . that 's why you cook all wild meats thoroughly . 
oh wow ! i live in southern ontario and the little shits run rampant here , they are extremely fond of garbage day . 	i see whole raccoon families in our neighborhood at night , going from trash can to trash can , and disappearing down sewer grates . 
until you experience the taste of gamey meat . 	that 's what bacon wrapping is for , especially for birds , but especially for everything . 
i do n't know but from the comments on the facebook post it sounds like this raccoon was a pest that she killed and skinned . 	she must be a dead - eye ! 
are n't we feeding cows and chickens little ground up bits of the unhealthy ones that die early ?  edit : not usually . i should research things before i repeat them . sorry everyone . 	chicken that gets fed chicken is the best kind . it 's being marinated in itself from the inside . 
no , she showed it the ark of the covenant . 	dear god i 'm laughing so hard right now 
seriously , little dude is cut 	maybe just a bit too much . 
you can fuckin eat raccoons ? how do they taste ? 	delicious ! brown it in some bacon grease , add stew vegetables and cook it for hours . it is fabulous . we took off the heads , tails an feet though 
technically are n't they eating the same stuff you would 've been eating but did n't finish ? it 's not like they 'd be eating rubber and gasoline . 	yeah , and i 've heard that people taste like shit because of what we eat . 
southern california . i see maybe 3 raccoons a year , i see a possum every 2 months though . 	oh wow ! i live in southern ontario and the little shits run rampant here , they are extremely fond of garbage day . 
around rural va it 's common knowledge that you eat rodents during the winter , or after it hits freezing . 	as someone who 's just recently got a small game license , and will be trying out some squirrel stew , i could learn from you rural folk . 
squirrel and rabbits are delicious . 	rabbit is dry . 
its not so much a hillbilly tradition as it is soul food . more of a southern black tradition . possum would be more hillbilly . or gopher . 	yeah yeah possum i forgot about those . ehh , do n't they have roadkill law where you hit it you eat it ? lol 
i was n't referring to worms . just the parasites on the outside . that 's why you cook all wild meats thoroughly . 	how about we just do n't eat raccoons 
what movie is this from , if i may ask ?  edit : indiana jones and the temple of doom . thanks , google image search ! 	lol . still wrong . indiana jones and the raiders of the lost ark . 
and all humans . 	the human voluntary extinction movement is a thing . 
never know when you 'll need to have some raccoon stock handy 	scoop up a spoon of coon ! 
shit id rather eat squirrel or rabbit , raised in the woods than beef full of steroids and antibiotics 	until you experience the taste of gamey meat . 
what a load of shit . 	james , anyone ever tell you you 're a real jerk ? 
what did she do , just skin it and boil it ? 	you can take the raccoon 's penis bone and turn it into an earring . 
are n't we feeding cows and chickens little ground up bits of the unhealthy ones that die early ?  edit : not usually . i should research things before i repeat them . sorry everyone . 	used to in europe until the mad cow disease . 
so like fleas and ticks ? because ticks are still active in the winter as well . 	i 'm aware of that as well . waiting until after the frost is just the general rule of thumb . 
are n't we feeding cows and chickens little ground up bits of the unhealthy ones that die early ?  edit : not usually . i should research things before i repeat them . sorry everyone . 	chickens , yes . my friend audited a place that ground up chicken bones as part of feed . 
looks like we found who 's eating the garbage raccoon . 	you really think that what creatures eat have no bearing on what their own meat would taste like ? 
the only satisfying thing i could see about eating a raccoon would be knowing it was dead . 	awwww no dead raccoons ! they 're messy and occasionally break stuff , but they 're so cute . 
that 's because you guys are n't eating them lol . 	the only satisfying thing i could see about eating a raccoon would be knowing it was dead . 
dead link . the photos are down . why ? 	sorry . i did n't delete but someone did post repost it in the comments . 
i am increasingly convinced that the innate human reaction to a thing is 1 . can it eat me ?  2 . can i eat it ?  3 . can i fuck it ?  sometimes not in that order . 	that 's a billy connolly bit . 
i 'm at that age where everyone has kids , or is having kids . it 's rough 	if it helps i am at that age where my kid is having kids . 
well , natural selection at work here . i quit my last job because they forced us to deal with raccoons without any protective gear , including gloves . those parasites are no joke . 	quitting was easier than buying gloves ? 
i would n't want to eat somewhere that the washing machine is that close to the kitchen sink . she probably also uses it to spin salad .   	lol , that is a stove i am sure . 
around rural va it 's common knowledge that you eat rodents during the winter , or after it hits freezing . 	mental note : do n't visit any rural va . diners in the winter . 
ooh gotcha , thanks , idk why but i thought that the dead stuff had been dragged out of the circles ? do n't ask . 	meat 's back on the menu , boys ! 
do n't feel bad . that evaluation was based solely on photoshop skills . you may have other redeeming features , such as a natural talent for basket weaving or strong moral grounding . 	hey , basket weaving is a very important skill to have by today 's workforce standards .   
i 'm at that age where everyone has kids , or is having kids . it 's rough 	you must be young because you havent yet realized that that age lasts from 18 to i dont know when yet , but i 'm 27 and going strong . 
not really , it 's gamey , funky , and requires lots of cook time and seasoning . given the choice , unless it 's your thing , there 's no appeal in eating it . 	ugh , that gamey , liver - like taste . ca n't get past it . 
are n't we feeding cows and chickens little ground up bits of the unhealthy ones that die early ?  edit : not usually . i should research things before i repeat them . sorry everyone . 	absolutely . that is one of the reasons that mad cow got as bad as it did . 
you scared me for a second , but i only eat deer from northwest mn , so i think i 'm good .   	i love venison myself . i 'd be careful that the animal was processed with care regarding avoidance of the cns and brain 
are n't we feeding cows and chickens little ground up bits of the unhealthy ones that die early ?  edit : not usually . i should research things before i repeat them . sorry everyone . 	farmed fish is often fed chicken shit . 
racoon meat ! bullshit , that was human meat and i know it ! 	 i 've got a question for you : is it racist if we do n't eat this guy ? 
i 'm also confused . somehow she turned the meat into jello ? 	just to make sure you 're aware : gelatin is just boiled body parts . 
ultimate which has the green backlighting . 	nice , i got the chroma , it is currently blue 
antique weapons do n't count as mall ninja shit . 	and he broke the new rule but see i am not a total hitler , no ban , no removal nothing . 
what country would n't take school seriously ? 	too many kids in the u . s . do n't take school seriously . heck , even too many undergrad students here do n't take college seriously . 
well then my friend , you have an amazing crt monitor . i did specify shitty ones : p 	i guess you did , i 'd love to see one of the asus rog 144hz monitors in person though 
its more difficult to discern texture quality and levels of aa and render distance when you 're sitting fairly far away from the screen . 	maybe they 're watching these youtube vids on shitty phones or crt monitors , while they play on big flat screen tvs . that actually would make sense .   
bugger , yeah . named the album instead of the song .  cheers bro , good catch . 	i did the same thing all the time because of the chorus , haha 
do you think you can make a login page to make people play the game again ? 	the old game is up dude . you having trouble or something ? 
it 's ok , young man . some day you 'll have to face many realities . 	lmao even i do n't have acne on my ass . w . e you say , chief 
what do you play ? pc or xbox ? 	op has a joystick i 'd game with 
awesome , thanks for letting me know man . 	no problem your an awesome guy , also i feel sorry for your inbox 
sure thing man . gimme a sec and i 'll inbox you . 	got it . thanks bro ! 
 wow you just made my night . many thanks 	right on dude , not a worry . just lucky i 'm at a comp for a while ! 
he 's still in the league ? the fuck 	he fell off the face of the earth after orlando traded him in the dwight deal . 
well shit , i did n't even know that existed and i 'm 250 hours into this game . 	i 've only ever got one , by accident on my first char . every time i have tried to farm it , rngesus laughs at me . 
i 'm with you ! i love the way the lost sinner 's sword looks . wish i could figure out how to use the thing effectively ! 	get two of them make both raw power stance enjoy 2 shotting people ! 
i would just keep mining candy till you get caught with your hand in the cookie jar . at worse , you get attacked , which you expected . at best you have more candy then you could ever want 	drafting weapons and armor now , setting up the defensive hallways the demons will come eventually and i will be ready to face them 
i ca n't answer your first question .  viper is not top tier because she 's hard to play , i heard . you have to spend a lot of time to be able to play her at a competitive level . 	would tier lists include execution levels though ? because it seems so subjective and can be improved on , its not really a concrete thing to judge a character on 
gay dude here . you 're gorgeous . 	thanks bro . semi - homo 
king homer 's skyscraper . it does n't pay out anything and takes up a ton of visual space . 	and all that grey with no color is an eyesore . 
the last part : d 	are you of the opinion that the white walkers are imminent when jon is attacked at the wall ? some people have suggested that , given the direction the show seems to be taking . 
i 've read some theory on that , but i ca n't figure out what mance 's motivation would be for sending it ? for reinforcements ? revenge ? 	be reunited with his wildlings in the heart of the north , well past the wall , is my guess . 
the ironborn ships are modeled after the vikings who were able to navigate some rivers . without the dimensions of the weeping water we ca n't know for sure . 	it 's still on the east of westeros . she 'd have to sail round dorne . 
its doubtful the lords in the north would ignore his vows imo . 	they did n't seem to mind when cat brought up the vow issue . 
did n't the writers of got do an episode of always ? charlie would make a great steward imho . 	charlie ca n't read . he would make a terrible steward . 
the ironborn ships are modeled after the vikings who were able to navigate some rivers . without the dimensions of the weeping water we ca n't know for sure . 	you 'd have to sail around the whole of westeros though . that would take months . 
are you of the opinion that the white walkers are imminent when jon is attacked at the wall ? some people have suggested that , given the direction the show seems to be taking . 	i ca n't speak for him , but i 'm of the opinion that you do n't create a seven hundred foot wall of ice and not bring it crashing down . 
yeah , i 'm thinking it will be bigger than ever . last years lineup was great imo , i hope this year tops it 	they 've gotta get their parking situation figured out one of these years . took over an hour to get from the grass to the road last year and that 's like 30 ft . 
i dont think anyone would touch you for a german flag .  waving a nazi flag might get you in trouble however , but that is probably not related to the parade . 	made an edit , sorry , hard to compare , honestly . what would you say about a nato or ukrainian flag , though these are also void because none has invaded russia . 
his offense is below average but his defense is well above . any team with a defensive hole at guard but that does n't need scoring would be happy to pay him . 	rondo plays defense when he wants to play defense . given his attitude and performance , i do n't know how much money i would commit to him long term . 
besides the lakers and the mavs , what team needs a point guard ?  bulls ?  sacramento ?  knicks ?  76ers ?  pacers maybe ? 	we could use a defensive minded backup .  hahaha rondo would burn our stadium to the ground before he put on a heat jersey . 
i 'd like some angelic fried wings with chilly sauce please . 	i 'll take them with lord of light ranch 
i would love to have kids , but for personal reasons i will never let myself have them . that wo n't change . could n't give a fuck less if i was permanently sterile . 	ahh ok no worries was just curious . i think for a lot of people its a far too life changing decision to be made so young 
girls or boys ? 	one of each . older girl younger boy . 
can confirm . wife got pregnant on cycle . 	girl or boy ? 
fuck your dog , why do i have to take them to poop ? least self sufficient animal ever . 	what , you think the cat 's litter box just cleans itself ? least with dogs you can wait for the stink to go away before cleaning up their crap . 
disliking my cat . disliking cats . not being a cat . 	meow . 
yeah , not wanting a dog is a huge deal breaker for me . 	fuck your dog , why do i have to take them to poop ? least self sufficient animal ever . 
to hades , with you ! : p 	m 'lady ? 
fuck your dog , why do i have to take them to poop ? least self sufficient animal ever . 	the love they give you makes it worth it . they love you fat or skinny , ugly or pretty they are there for you and somehow can make even the hardest times better . dogs are the best ! 
i just wish i could give her the power she deserves . i have the ipv mini with only goes to 30 watts . once i can afford it i want to get the ipv3 . 	get the ipv mini v2 , 70 watts . i have yet to build a coil it wo n't fire . it beats the fuck out of my mechs . 
no , absolutely no way . this thread must be filled with young people . there is a reason malone is the second leading scorer in nba history . 	did you watch prime duncan ? pretty much everyone who has watched both of them has concluded td is the best pf of all time . 
the netherlands , denmark , sweden , canada . 	canada ? vancouver might not have a freeway downtown , but the rest of the country sure does 
there is no way people will start using motorcycles and scooters . people need to be able to talk on their cell phones , eat , and put on makeup during their commutes . 	you can do all of that on a motorcycle , just takes a bit of skill . 
it 's going great ! 25 . 2 lbs down and feeling extremely energized . thanks for asking and good luck on your journey as well ! 	fantastic ! thanks for replying . 
for sure , my man . there is nothing that is bad like being with a hangover . 	you sound like the two european foreign guys in family guy . 
the game is monday , i 'll pop back in after . 	please do . who are they playing ? 
this is so sick ! love it so much . if it gets put in game this will be my main sword . hahaha 	same here : p took me a long time to get the look just right ! love the feed back 
have you ever stayed in a hotel ? that kind of stuff is typically free . 	i 've never had a room come with toothpaste . shampoo , body wash , ext . yea it 's free but toothpaste seems like you probably pay for it . 
and several new skilled jobs created in : software development , maintenance etc 	1 job in software development , 1 job in maintenance , - 1000 minimum wage jobs . 
and then there 's the actual person that 's out of a job because of him too . 	is it ironic that the person out of a job is probably an illegal alien . 
it calls you on the phone . 	cool .  this is your robot room service attendant . the call is coming from outside your door . i can hear you . 
haha how long until some asshole duct tapes a plunger to its side ? 	i 'm gonna remember duct tape when i go on my next vacation . 
i 'm imaging it just hitting his front door over and over . 	that 's what was going on in my head , too .  man why are my thoughts always so sad . 
my only question is about elevators . 	bluetooth connection to elevator . the rest is magic and magnets . 
more humans out of work . 	if their job can be done just as well as a lifeless machine and for a fraction of the cost , maybe they do n't deserve the job in the first place .  edit : grammar 
you say that now , until a robot takes your job at the front desk . 	good . been meaning to quit at some point . working in hotels sucks balls . 
did it knock ? 	it called my room when it was outside my door . i answered the phone and it told me it was outside with my things . 
now i 'm sad 	do n't worry , the moment he realizes it wants to go home he lets it and so begins the robot 's journey across america . fun for the whole family ! 
i 'm in the us and i 'd never drop an extra dollar for a single beer . 	depends on the bar , really . i tip at some and not at others . 
i 've never had a room come with toothpaste . shampoo , body wash , ext . yea it 's free but toothpaste seems like you probably pay for it . 	toothpaste , toothbrush , and disposable razors amongst other things are generally free . 
all i want to know is how you knew it was at the door . no arms to knock . does it ram the door hoping that noise will draw attention ? maybe it screams . 	the mental image made me very happy and very sad . 
did it knock ? 	it called my rom to tell me it was outside my door . 
there was a top post few days ago about a fully robotic hotel opening in japan . its all robot , no employee from signing in to room service . 	are you sure that 's not just the premise for a really good horror film ? 
whereas i 'm sad that the promise the future holds for me is more loneliness . 	it 's called solitude and it is not sad . 
any good ? i 'm big into sci - fi and action , looked too boring to bother with but everyone i know loses their minds when i say i have n't watched it yet . 	i like sci - fi , action , and love me some big blockbusters also . i liked o brother . i 'd say it 's worth a watch . 
it really is amazing how a robot can be as cute as an animal . 	it really is amazing how easily humans can be fooled to have feelings for an inanimate object . 
it calls your room when it arrives at your door . when you answer the phone it tells you it is outside your door .   	how does it speak ? 
there are in my country . 	same in uruguay . obviously they do n't go to every house knocking . but you can get ice delivered to your place on special trucks . 
how do you know it 's at your door ? 	it calls your room when it arrives at your door . when you answer the phone it tells you it is outside your door .   
who do you think put the towel into the robot ? 	god ? 
ordering toothpaste from room service will probably cost you more than you paid for the room ! 	have you ever stayed in a hotel ? that kind of stuff is typically free . 
how did it knock ? or did it even knock or just run into the door ?   	it called my room when it was outside my door . 
i 'll bet it 's got an alarm that pings hotel staff and , assuming a card is on record , you will be charged for damages . i doubt they will ever have these at cheap hotels . 	things that start of expensive become cheaper over time and increased production . give it time and we 'll see these things everywhere . 
it does n't come standard in the room , but you can almost always ask for it and get it for free . toothpaste , toothbrush , floss , sewing kit , whatever . 	cool . i guess it makes sense . you 're away from home and they are simple inexpensive things you may need . 
and then there 's the actual person that 's out of a job because of him too . 	we better get used to it . this is what the future of menial labor looks like . a huge chunk of the worlds jobs are going bye - bye within the next several decades . 
honestly , despite the english i just assumed it was in japan . 	there was a top post few days ago about a fully robotic hotel opening in japan . its all robot , no employee from signing in to room service . 
wait , how does the guest know it is there . i did n't see any robot arms for it to knock . 	it calls your room when it is outside your door . 
is this supposed to be funny ? 	it was intended to be funny yes , but sometimes jokes hit or miss 
any good ? i 'm big into sci - fi and action , looked too boring to bother with but everyone i know loses their minds when i say i have n't watched it yet . 	it grows on you a lot . the more i watch it the more i enjoy the artistry and themes in the movie . over time that and there will be blood have become my favorite movies . 
someone who would n't be working as room service 	ok , so are we debating which job is better ? 
cool .  this is your robot room service attendant . the call is coming from outside your door . i can hear you . 	i will wait for up to 30 more seconds while you finish having sex . 
star wars is now . 	star wars was a long , long time ago . 
i 've never had a room come with toothpaste . shampoo , body wash , ext . yea it 's free but toothpaste seems like you probably pay for it . 	it does n't come standard in the room , but you can almost always ask for it and get it for free . toothpaste , toothbrush , floss , sewing kit , whatever . 
honestly , despite the english i just assumed it was in japan . 	i assumed it was on the dark side of the moon given the amount of light available . 
how did you know it was at the door ? did it knock ?   	it called my room to tell me it was there . 
since the all - star break he 's been shooting well again , more than forty percent from three again and well all over the court . 	damn , that makes me nervous . great for y 'all tho . 
has batum been playing better now ? 	he is finding his feet you can tell , kind of hung back during the game and suddenly became our ball handler there . really fun to see 
who 's the dude in the suit that chest bumps him ? 	robin his sidekick because he 's batman . 
the cap . its the cap . it is funny really . 	oh is that an actual glass ? i figured it was a disposable cup . 
i always ask the server to bring me an extra glass of beverage with no ice to avoid them having to make many trips . i am one of those people who feels like i need to drink an ocean when i eat . 	i 'm the same . the only problem is it makes me have to pee like 3 - 4 times within an hour of eating . 
i also work in food service . if you ca n't bring a pitcher , explain management wo n't let you , but offer to bring two glasses of water at a time instead . ymmv . 	ooo that 's a good suggestion ! thank you 
here in sf some of the restaurants have taken to only carrying mexican coke and a few other boutique options . kinda feels like a conspiracy to charge more , even if i do like the mexican coke . 	given that it 's sf , it 's probably a conspiracy to improve your health . 
it 's not fast food , it 's a restaurant . 	well , fast food places are considered restaurants . so is this a slow food restaurant ? 
the waitress cleaned it all up and gave him a secure cup with extra napkins just in case . 	and i assume a great joke was told but the picture could n't capture it or 
yeah . he looks like the type of motherfucker who would spill juice . 	i love how i can feel the anger over the spilt juice in this comment . 
as a sweet tea fan , i ca n't get enough . i ca n't stand when they keep pouring more ice in by using the side of the pitcher instead of the front that is made to block ice . 	i actually do it like that because a : if the front gets blocked by a piece of ice , the drink goes all over the place , and b : people that drink iced tea usually love tons of ice . 
i did n't actually laugh , but gold will make me happy too 	there 's no more gold here sonny , these hills have been mined and the river has been panned , move along ! 
that 'd be a good bit more than 2 liters of soda . 	if you can drink 64 ounces in one sitting , you can drink 100 ounces . there has to be a cut off somewhere . 
correction , it gets clogged up and then the ice and drink flies everywhere . 	thank god someone on reddit understands the struggle of the shitty pitcher . i refill drinks at an angle facing away from my tables because inevitably , water will spray all over . 
thanks for making me split my lip open . i was n't planning to laugh tonight . 	hmm , laughter usually causes one 's side to split . 
oh man , i would love if we lived in a world like that . 	we do . hot guys get upvotes . 
and boxes of coke syrup mix to make roughly 30 gallons of coke . 	what 's that in powder form ? 
thank you for saying boyfriend and not so . for real . 	i always imagine people who say so are , like , gay people who ca n't get married but want to be so they call their boyfriend or girlfriend so . i dunno . 
oh is that an actual glass ? i figured it was a disposable cup . 	it 's a plastic cup . 
when i use the front that is made to block ice , it gets clogged up by ice and i have to use the side . 	correction , it gets clogged up and then the ice and drink flies everywhere . 
um , ok . so , numbers 2 and 3 are empirical evidence . 	that 's not science , those are your observations . 
it 's not my opinion . it 's the clear teaching of scripture . it 's fine if you do n't agree , but it 's not my advice , it 's the teaching of christianity for centuries . 	that 's bs . can i pray and be cured of my blackness ? god 's not going to change anything if there 's nothing wrong . 
agreed . i was not recommending ex - gay programs . 	and yet you used gay in the past tense and implied that he could marry a woman . 
i only accept science . 	um , ok . so , numbers 2 and 3 are empirical evidence . 
all i can say is that i hope that whatever is making you so violently hateful stops , and you return to the loving person i imagine you are .  also , you 're a pretty bad troll . 	i 've reported the comment . mods are pretty good around here about dealing with that kind of thing once it is brought to their attention . sorry you had to experience it . 
i 'm not going to respond to your post , because it 's obvious you did n't even read the article . 	i read it . it was rubbish . you can tell without going through that though by it not being published in anything resembling a scientific journal . 
that 's bs . can i pray and be cured of my blackness ? god 's not going to change anything if there 's nothing wrong . 	remember you do n't have to pray the black away . the book of mormon taught me that god changed his mind about black people in the 1970s . 
her fingers look like anal beads for fucks sake . 	and she 's making s fucking peace sign o_o 
thanks just for reading . it is kind of cathartic just to type it all out . 	i totally get it . i find writing things out to be a huge help most of the time . 
not sure it is an actual grail war . i was under the impression that there would be no servant summoning , but lots of bloodshed . 	yeah that was my understanding as well . just a battle between mages . 
how much did they pay you ? 	100 each for 4 people , but like i said i spent all the profit money on a roadtrip . 
100 each for 4 people , but like i said i spent all the profit money on a roadtrip . 	just say you found a better guy for the same price and you are getting his ids instead . they wo n't know the difference . 
weapon name : big box . 	once it 's mass - produced , it would put an end to the war economy ! 
the idea is that as block rewards drop bitcoin becomes so ubiquitous that 's transaction fees , although only a few cents , total millions of dollars per day . 	transaction fees will float and be controlled by the free market anyway . it wo n't be a fixed sum of btc . 
i had a trading card from the 80s with this picture on it . 	yeah , somebody else mentioned a trading card . you do n't happen to remember the set , do you ? 
yeah , somebody else mentioned a trading card . you do n't happen to remember the set , do you ? 	i do not remember exactly but i do remember it was a spider - man specific set . 
that stuff sucks but i do n't think it affects many people 's day to day experience . 	i dislike it when a person makes a post and never responds . 
a coworker saw the problem another way : he 's planning to swap to iphone to get the apple watch . 	eww . it does nothing more than android wear does . 
sad that that 's the biggest wdw news today . oh , well . the parks and resorts clearly are not the biggest priority for the modern disney . 	what do you mean parks are not a priority ? this is about one of the parks . the name change is not just for poops and giggles , it will reflect the major revamp this park is going to get . 
i could n't possibly take it for free my goodness . whenever you 're ready can i come pick it up ? 	gates are open ! 
no , no . i 'm pretty sure it was passions that had the fake doll . it was on before or after days of our lives . 	yea sure . i dont know . it was weird . it was dramatic and my mom cried a lot . i did n't understand . 
sounds weird , i have n't had that much problems with it . it is harder with a full party obviously but with decent gear and setup it 's been pretty easy . 	i believe my problem is more that my builds are mostly about murdering large masses at once , whereas one powerfull boss can tank and spike me 
as much as i would like australia in the semi final i have tickets to , going to an india v pakistan game at the scg would be really awesome too . 	woah , a real cricket fan here . i guess 4 wc will make some fans generous . 
i think that will be it for india , ride till semis 	any result is fine as long as they fight and play smart . 
there 's quite a few australian 's likely to turn up to those games too , you know . 	just do n't bother trying to catch a cab to the game . 
there 's more chance of bangladesh beating india , than pakistan beating australia . imo 	bangladesh have a real chance of beating india , but only if bangladesh bat first . 
i feel much more confident in our batting after the last two games . if we continue to play like this against aus then i feel that we have a fair chance . 	most definitely ! my expectations are unreasonably high after them . and you never know it with our team . so cautiously optimistic till the match . : d 
against aus though a win is never easy . 	well misbah scored his 51 ball ton against australia , i know it was the uae and a test , but still he knows how to bat against them . 
after watching them live yesterday , i do not like their chances . 	care to explain more ? i think live experience is very different from tv , so you will have different perspective . 
yes .  warner , smith , clarke , and maxwell are the real strength behind australia 's batting . 	and faulkner . there 's fewer men in world cricket at the moment that can chase down a pressure target . seriously , without him we are screwed . 
indian fans will turn the ground all blue so the aussies think they are in india and start fearing spin . we got the numbers to do it . 	there 's quite a few australian 's likely to turn up to those games too , you know . 
i 'd rather plastics did n't associate themselves with my club . that 's what chelsea and city are there for . 	poor you , plastics make your life so hard 
using cars to kill people is illegal as shit , but manufacturing those is perfectly fine . 	look i see your point and would like to agree with it , but law enforcement agencies have proven to not give a shit with whether their wrong or their right when it comes to copyrights . 
hard to tell what part of her body that is . do n't really want to know 	for a second i thought it was a full frontal pussy shot . 
yeah wtf , what a dick . i dont have the attention span to watch the whole thing . 	shit gets real at 10 : 17 
they 're not gonna dismiss a healthy body for a few mistakes . 	they might move him back to infantry if he makes a whole bunch of mistakes . i do n't know about about ceremonial drill , but i 'm pretty sure you can get kicked out pretty easily . 
he put it in quotes , pretty sure he meant that there is a marine equivalent to army basic training , which as you point as is referred to as boot camp or recruit training . 	also , applying this logic , he can tell everyone he is going to a sleep over or summer camp . 
i do n't really get the title . did he let his country down by not catching a rifle in this weird performance display ? what is even the point of this exercise aside from it looking kinda cool ? 	it 's the title of the imgur post , and i ca n't name for shit 
how stupid . what a waste of everyone 's lives . 	yeah , what happened to the good ol 'days of marching in columns whilst wearing bright uniforms and shiny black helmets ? 
but what does that do in battle ? 	drill promotes the force to civilians and creates extreme discipline and accuracy within the troops in the unit . it 's the same principle as why we have such excellent bands in our military . 
the catchers fault . even if it 's not . the thrower out ranks him so good luck saying otherwise . 	that 's a very good point . blame rolls downhill . 
i cant stand that expression . 	then sit it . 
how stupid . what a waste of everyone 's lives . 	instead we should spend time dancing in order to show our physical fitness and coordination in pursuit of a mate . 
i do n't think anyone in the military actually cares that he once dropped a fake rifle in a performance . 	regular military ? no . silent drill team ? he 's going to get a lot of shit for a long time . 
8 pixels have never made me laugh so hard . 	i 'm crying right now . 
you are going to boot camp or recruit training .  source : i spent 9 years in the united state marine corps . 	he put it in quotes , pretty sure he meant that there is a marine equivalent to army basic training , which as you point as is referred to as boot camp or recruit training . 
i thought the throw looked a little high . but the catcher did n't compensate , so maybe a little fault for both . 	i think it was a bad toss . it was super high . if you watch other vids where they do this the catcher never has to compensate . he just grabs it . 
i had to stop watching . i actually felt really bad for him . 	watch the end ! it somehow gets even better . 
this is cringe worthy , but not the way it usually on here . this just made me feel really bad for that guy . 	that 's the good cringe . when you really feel that second hand embarrassment 
i think it was a bad toss . it was super high . if you watch other vids where they do this the catcher never has to compensate . he just grabs it . 	it also looked like he was trying to catch it while staying in a stiff military pose . if he was able to jump or look up at it he might have caught it . 
why is the rifle in pain ? 	because it is being tossed aside and broken . having your pain dismissed is horrible , and something no one should experience also , apostrophe misfire . 
i do n't think twitch works , i remember emailing them about it . i have hit way more than that . they said they stopped handing that skin out december 	it works but you have to use the laggy one in smite itself and not another program . they stopped giving out codes when using another program in january . 
if it was just the usual one ad at the beginning , it 'd be fine , but it 's almost like 5 ads in one 45 minute video . it 's really irritating . 	but you get that amount of ad from each commercial break no matter the length of the tv show . 
do n't remember who it was but somebody who works at roosterteeth already answered that they do n't decide how many ads there are youtube does . 	that does n't sound right . other channels definitely have the choice of how many they add . 
but you get that amount of ad from each commercial break no matter the length of the tv show . 	really ? shorter videos only give me 2 or 3 while longer ones give me 4 - 6 
huh that 's interesting i did n't know that . are there any other youtubers who have the multiple ads in one video ? 	yeah , if i watch a video that is longer than 10 minutes it usually has at least 2 ads . someone said that youtube puts ads like every 7 minutes . 
do n't remember who it was but somebody who works at roosterteeth already answered that they do n't decide how many ads there are youtube does . 	huh that 's interesting i did n't know that . are there any other youtubers who have the multiple ads in one video ? 
i had high hopes for sims medieval . such a disappointment . 	i loved it , but i played in endless mode and it gets really boring after you max out everything , fill all quests and reach level 20 with all the heroes . 
can ea take action on this ? 	yes they can and probably already have their legal team looking at this now . it takes time for all the gears to start moving . 
hey ! i have 3 baskets of 9 and 1 basket of 5 bamboo ! 	oh man that would be awesome . since the shoots cost 3 , 000 i can payback the 96 , 000 for all of them . is there a bell price you would like or some perfect apples ? 
i 'll write something up tomorrow then : 3 about to sleep .   3am . 	: o your poor sleep schedule . thanks in advance . 
another fun fact : due to the curvature of the earth , the towers are a quarter of an inch further apart at the top than at the bottom . 	and , it was the first bridge for which the curvature of the earth had to be accounted for during building . at the time , it was the longest suspension bridge in the world . 
i think the real questions are who asked them or why should we care ? 	unfortunately , a lot of people care . 
the correct way to blow the whistle was solely on domestic spying , and to congress . not in the newspapers , and revealing details about legit national security foreign spying . 	congress approved all this shit though . they 'd laugh him out of the building then torture him . 
i have never once received notice from a meter reader . our meter is on the side of the house in front of the fence . 	do you have a dog or a locked fence though ? 
i also would n't trust that your dog is safe anymore . i 'd be afraid of the neighbor poisoning him . 	i would n't let him outside anymore unsupervised . remove the doggy door . 
florida is n't a one - bite state , but that fact surely wo n't help you - no wonder you left it out . 	the lawns guys were not here to trim the dog 's nails . it never occurred to me to mention it since biting is the natural reaction to drawing blood from any animal 's nail bed . 
if op had locked gates and did n't give the lawn guy a key you would have a point . 	even if there 's no lock , you ca n't just walk into someone 's backyard . 
i also would n't trust that your dog is safe anymore . i 'd be afraid of the neighbor poisoning him . 	they have video cameras , hopefully nobody is stupid enough to do that . 
i would n't let him outside anymore unsupervised . remove the doggy door . 	or a lock on the gate . 
how does a dog barking indoors warn someone that the yard is unsafe ? 	the presence of the dog plus the prior knowledge that a dog door existed , perhaps ? 
fuck around sky . missed a good chunk of the great match . 	that 's shit as . how long was it down for ? 
is there a reason the coop is not on the ground ? 	we have 8 birds , so having a portion of their run under the coop saves quite a bit of yard space . plus it 'll give them some shade during hotter months . 
each cereal box is actually an elaborate wireless photo printer . 	defense distributed cereal ! a 3d printer and gun in every pack ! 
now glow in the dark ! 	and breathes fire ! 
now i 'm embarrassed mom . 	then let your mum have the cereal gift . 
they are body parts . and everyone has them .  breasts are not genitalia either . 	they are sexual organs , however . 
they are not identical . you said that men need extra hormones for them to be identical . 	seriously ? semantics ?  they are identical in as much as they both have the exact same parts .  if they are not identical , please name the part that one has and the other does not . 
apparently the investigators were able to hear his calm breathing throughout . it 's been a major part of the news coverage . 	yeah thats true , i forgot about the breathing , also no screams can be heard and those started earlier then what was originally said in the media . 
i 've contributed , how about the rest of you ? 	yes , the first week it was set up . 
yes , i 'm sure the pizza had sauce . 	glad i finally got an answer , it looked like white pizza but i could n't tell , driving me crazy 
actually it 's much tastier to reheat pizza in a pan 	but much easier in the oven . 
sauce ? 	yes , i 'm sure the pizza had sauce . 
it 's so good . it 's delicious hot , too . 	i 've never had it hot i bet its really good though , well also i 've been having a ton of thai coconuts there super good . 
it 's really nice hot on a chilly night , or when hungover . mmm , and with some hot and sour soup . 	definitely a fan of hot and sour soup , think i might make my own hot thai tea sometime . 
awesome ! enjoying a good scotch and either watching a sunset or storm approaching is amazing . 	damn , i need to start drinking scotch 
awesome ! enjoying a good scotch and either watching a sunset or storm approaching is amazing . 	ah , i wish i could do that . do n't get many storms here , and my window faces east . but a scotch on the beach at sunset sounds like something i 'll make point of doing this summer . 
voted for his ct , but i feel that his pa is also amazing . 	they are both great , i agree , 
thats a bizarre price ? lol 	it 's the average it has sold on market in the past according to steam analyst lol 
looks like macaroni and cheese . 	it 's mmhmm delicious 
dat boxing glove armor . 	we just know he 's going to punch the shit out of some robots . 
so is this the actual ac game for 2015 or something like liberation : a spinoff . 	its episodic so its 3 smaller stories , most likely not a full price game . we should be getting assassins creed victory this year i think 
what 's funny is that kojima is a brand name in itself , they 're killing profits by taking him off the brand . 	maybe in that sense , they had to remove it . since it 's not theirs anymore . 
kojima makes his own company , buys the metal gear franchise back . genius . 	that is possible but funding might be a problem , crowd funding ? 
all this childish stuff from konami is n't going down well at all . 	unless it 's all a ruse by kojima , in which case , it 'll go down very well for konami eventually .  not really going to be the case though . 
unless it 's all a ruse by kojima , in which case , it 'll go down very well for konami eventually .  not really going to be the case though . 	if this would be a ruse by kojima , and they would be playing the long con , eventually telling the truth and making it somehow fit into the game it would be legendary . 
previous trade fell through ? 	i was going to buy it until someone posted a nexus 10 for sale . grabbed that instead . 
toy story ? 	i think if buzz or that cowboy dude were babies they would just choke on the small parts and die . 
i voted for quote already .  he fucking deserves it . 	seriously . i love shantae and everything , but fucking cave story ? are you kidding ? it 's a classic ! 
i would actually say that peak - strength yamcha might be the weakest who could do it . i mean he 's at least a planet buster by that point . 	idk about planet buster , but i 'll say casual moon buster to be safe . that should still be enough . 
what 's to stop those mobs from throwing stuff at it and breaking the props ? sounds like this is going to be expensive . 	if they are using it just for the camera , they could just fly real high and out of reach of human throwing range ? 
exactly . doing all that farming in what is essentially a goddamn desert was the first mistake . move the farming back to the regions with enough water . 	building a large state in california was a mess .  who thought that going into the dessert to live was a good idea ? 
yes , obviously it is never going to rain again . 	are you drunk or just lugging around an extra chromosome ? if you think a few inches of rain will solve california 's water problems then you 're way too stupid to continue arguing with . 
arizona can deny california 's water right to the river . phoenix is an awful idea too . 	the metro phoenix area uses more ground water than colorado river water . most of that water brought in by the cap is for farming . 
except the vast majority of california 's water is used by agriculture . these homes in the desert are barely a drop in the bucket of the state 's water use . 	it 's still a stupid idea to live in the desert and try to keep lawns and trees . 
why not pipe off flood waters along the mississippi instead ? 	the mississippi got too low for barge traffic not long ago . it is n't like the river floods all that often , given how many controls are built into it . 
exactly . doing all that farming in what is essentially a goddamn desert was the first mistake . move the farming back to the regions with enough water . 	central california had enough water for farming . the problem is climate change and how that resulted in low rain fall which is causing this whole mess . 
ppl surprised that more houses dont have solar panels ? solar panels do not produce enough energy . the tech isnt there yet . 	the area gets almost all energy from wind . but still fuck them all . 
just because you can does n't mean you should . rice ? in cali ? 	rice can grow there and arkansas , primarily . the central valley in california can grow a lot . 
go run barefoot in the dirt , then come back and give me the answer to your question .  also : dust , temperature , aesthetics . 	right . so if feeling the green , green , grass of home is so near and dear to one 's heart , then moving to a desert probably is n't the best idea in the world . 
drop in the bucket when you face the real problem : a state feeding an entire country . 	yeah , give iowa a break . 
just because you can does n't mean you should . rice ? in cali ? 	there is n't much rice grown in california . most of it is grown in arkansas . 
its also a result of dickheads that dont give two fucks and water the shit out of their over saturated lawns .   	drop in the bucket when you face the real problem : a state feeding an entire country . 
just because you can does n't mean you should . rice ? in cali ? 	i mean rice is grown in the delta basically . which is where you 'd grow rice . they are n't growing rice down in southern california . 
it 's still less water than it takes to produce dairy milk . 	source ? 
i mean rice is grown in the delta basically . which is where you 'd grow rice . they are n't growing rice down in southern california . 	but they are growing cotton for export . and that 's fucking insane . 
are you drunk or just lugging around an extra chromosome ? if you think a few inches of rain will solve california 's water problems then you 're way too stupid to continue arguing with . 	uh . yeah . that will fix the problem . it 's the lacking rain for a decade and lacking investment in collection infrastructure that have caused the issues . not really so much irrigation . 
it 's still less water than it takes to produce dairy milk . 	either way , making protein is expensive . 
you 're welcome to come to mine if you 'd like ! 	okay ! i 've added you , tell me when you 've added me and when your gates are open . 
sold ! i added you . your town ? 	i 'm opening my gate right now , come on over ! 
i 'm looking for a slingshot , wetsuit and a fishing pole . would be happy to buy any of those if you 've got them 	no extra wetsuit but i can give you a slingshot and fishing pole for 1500 bells . if you need a deep sea egg i have an extra and you can take it all for 2k if you like . 
to be fair , we recently made a southern kung fu reddit , because it 's kind of specific in discussion and technique . but i see your point in regards to this . 	can you point me to that sub ?    my style is northern , but i 'd still like to see what you guys talk about . 
thats cool man , i never really thought about it till now and realised that it must be kinda weird but i guess its not 	eh , there are definitely weirder things out there . really depends on how the girl looks at it i guess , but i 've never run into any issues myself . 
nobody should get an ma in finance . that 's a frightening thought . msf is the absolute minimum . 	sorry , meant to type ms . not ma . 
looks fantastic ! how big is the city ? there 's a lot of cool stuff in the background . 	so far only a subway station , one apartment building , basketball court , one and a half skyscrapers , and we are currently work on a mall . 
what does it pay to be a social media shill for israel ? 	apparently its against the rules here to call someone a shill . how pathetic is that i might be shadowbanned from doing that earlier 
because if the goverment comes after ya you owning a hand gun is really gonna turn the tide .  yee haw power fantasies . 	it 's a step in the right direction i think .  it 'll surely make it more time consuming and expensive to detain you . 
i did . could n't come up with anything . so i turn to you . what am i , a historian by training , missing ? 	well jews have been expelled from more than 109 countries the past two millennia . you do n't get expelled from more than a 100 countries throughout history if you did n't do something . 
serious question , is mortal kombat hard to play ?  like are there easy combos or does the timing have to be perfect like in street fighter to do any of the ultras and shit . 	it 's one of the easier fighting games 
rosie perez so goddamn hot . 	her on the bed in that loose tank made a man of me . 
it took mine a while to show up on battlelog , but it was only about 5 days . so i 'm not sure . 	crap . it 's been over 3 weeks for me . nothing . 
pictures of ash are n't very exciting or educational . 	what are you talking about ash can be a lovely wood . 
til . i never was sure how that worked . when i was on android and got emoji texts from iphone users they would just show up as squares or something . 	get a 3rd party app home boy . ur missing out on the party . 
get a 3rd party app home boy . ur missing out on the party . 	i have iphone now , so it 's built - in . 
cool , i 'll comment on this again when its up for grabs and we 'll go from there : p 	sweet my cpu and board are getting a bit outdated to keep .  you can add me on steam its the same as my reddit username easy to talk that way . 
atm theyre the second best team in china and probably the 4th best team worldwide so they kinda do very well . 	the second best team in china is the second best team world wide .   
u was originally meant to play but he got sick . emergency sub in of pawn means they get no bans . 	pretty harsh punishment for something out of the team 's control 
the mobility boots were n't a bug , i was watching the player perspective from pawn on the chinese stream and he had them there as well lol 	can you even buy 2 boots of the same type in the game now ? 
if vg gets a better mid and adc they will be the best team in the world with no contest . 	remarkable , how well they are doing in china with that adc . 
historically he is a terrible lee sin player . his lee sin is a recent pick - up . 	i do n't really think that 's true . he had great games on lee in playoffs last year . it 's just an issue of him sustaining this level of play for a period of time . 
donno if clearlove really went ham , but he sure is going bacon : d 	you know ham and bacon are both pork right ? 
i do n't think anyone thinks that rekkles is the best western adc overall 	i am talking about s4 worlds , when almost everyone thinks he the best adc in the west 
ironically , clearlove went ham on sejuani . 	donno if clearlove really went ham , but he sure is going bacon : d 
why dont you watch mata 's one to confirm . 	cause i was watching to learn something from pawn and not to check if he has two boots or not , i could n't give less fucks about that lol 
can you even buy 2 boots of the same type in the game now ? 	yes , but you are limited to one tier 1 boot at a time 
deft really did n't play his best these games , hopefully when playoffs starts he can get out of his mini slump he 's had the past three games . 	i 'm sure he 'll turn it back on come playoffs 
highly likely tbh , do n't see eu or lms winning it and odds of tsm winning are gonna be in the single digit decimals of percentages . 	hey man , they said that about iem and look at what happened . i 'm no tsm fan but do n't jinx it lol 
why didnt edg have any bans in game 1 ? 	u was originally meant to play but he got sick . emergency sub in of pawn means they get no bans . 
this joke is irrational . 	ha , that was funny . have some pi 
the green wall towers at military locations also are spawning loot like no ones business . be careful about falling out those things though . 	hav n't touched those yet since i fell once because i pulled out my gun . not worth taking the risk imo . 
can you buy me one and ship it to me ? i like the colour . will pay through paypal . 	i bought the same strap on amazon . i 'll look in my history and find it for you ! 
i bought the same strap on amazon . i 'll look in my history and find it for you ! 	any luck ? 
what about helmets in the tower ? i hope thats optional . 	there 's gonna be an option to equip helmets in the tower so ugly guardians can hide their face 
i 'm curious how an online game will support suspend features . has there been mention of how it will work ?  definitely stoked about spotify 	yeah i 've thought about that as well . i figure you 'll just resume from the login screen . it 's not perfect , but it 's something . 
i do , lifelong blackhawks fan . 	as a kings fan , i respect your team very much and i 'm glad to hear kane is back . best of luck . 
fixed an issue where crota would not jump down to the main floor of the arena . 	i 've seen this before , truly hilarious . also jumping off the side near the access rock and destroying the swordbearer . 
fantastic news ! and hopefully iron banner tomorrow as well ! 	i do n't think tomorrow 's iron banner . do n't they announce it atleast a week prior ? 
thats why i made all mine female , they are pretty so it 'd be a shame if there beauty was covered . 	my first character was a male exo ; i was very disappointed to see how fuck ugly all the male awoken and human faces are , so just made my other 2 characters female . 
it would be cool if they automatically launched you into orbit with the last character you logged in with . 	i 'm happy to pick a character . but now that you mention it , some sort of marker indicating the last - played character would be nice , so i could tell who 's carrying the good gear . 
sorry destiny , portal still has a special space in my heart . 	honestly , if how and comet came out on the same day and on that day portal 3 came out i 'd ditch destiny till i 've completed portal . 
there 's gonna be an option to equip helmets in the tower so ugly guardians can hide their face 	thats why i made all mine female , they are pretty so it 'd be a shame if there beauty was covered . 
he is having a legendary season . 	well , i dont know about that . but he is having a great year . 
you are right he suddenly woke up one morning and decided he wanted to play for the raiders . 	i do n't fault him for making a pure money decision , but he does n't get a free pass from my skepticism which has been formed about him in recent years . 
al davis is the greatest sports figure in history imo . but if you 're going to defend the way he ran the team in that last decade , you 're delusional . 	not that we did n't have issues , but the on field product was better than it has been under marc and reggie . 
not that we did n't have issues , but the on field product was better than it has been under marc and reggie . 	yeah that 2 - 12 season was fucking great . 
probably true . makes the fanbase look bad though imo . 	the raiders fan base could join the peace corps , solve world hunger , and end the conflict in the middle east and we 'd still have a bad reputation . 
you are right he suddenly woke up one morning and decided he wanted to play for the raiders . 	does it matter ? fact is that he is not a hot commodity , he knows that he needs to perform next season to either stick around or have another team pick him up . 
i saw the fucking draft too . he did n't do anything that warranted holding a grudge for years and not wanting him to succeed now that he 's on the team . how sensitive are we ? 	not sensitive i just dont give a flying fuck about divas . 
tidal is going to go down as one of these music industry failures that was just flat out offensive . like the u2 album winding up on my phone . but more arrogant . 	a free album was sooo offensive . 
i mean , in the end that is what tidal is helping with , they just did n't manage to convey it properly . 	that may happen as a side effect , but the primary purpose of tidal is to line the pockets of established musicians who are n't satisfied with their spotify revenue . 
tidal is going to go down as one of these music industry failures that was just flat out offensive . like the u2 album winding up on my phone . but more arrogant . 	i was chill with getting a free album i mean if i do n't want to listen to it i can choose not to . 
a free album was sooo offensive . 	an album offered for free is not offensive .  an album inserted into your music collection without your say so , particularly on a mobile device , is offensive . 
are you 16 , 000 people ? if not , then i was n't talking about you .  my point stands . good team , good stadium , no fan support .  and it 's sad . 	then post a new comment thread and not in reply to his comment . 
thanks for the input , out of curiosity how much would you estimate a tailor costs ? i understand there are certain variables that matter , i just need an idea of how much i need to save 	some stores that specialize in suits will have a fitting when you buy the suit . they send it off to be tailored and you pick it up a week later . it 's usually included in the cost of the suit . 
i do n't play protoss but i ca n't help but feel like he could have still won that game like pretty easily . 	yeah if he put those immortals in front he would have melted that cannon line in like 3 seconds . 
yeah , you ca n't win with mass widow mines when playing people who know what they are doing . 	which is why despite having played over 2 , 500 games i 'll always be mid silver . and i 'm ok with that . this is the pace i want to play at . this is the pace i have fun at . 
if you have n't noticed , everyone getting placed like 3 leagues below their normal placement . 	i was gold last season and i 've been just placed into platinum . do n't blame the system . 
real talk : how do you play 30 , 000 games and not be plat level ? 	turn on this guys stream sometime . you will see very very quickly 
believe it or not , majority of the population suck at games . 	i really dont believe this . i just think they choose not to put in the time or effort because taking it seriously isnt fun for them 
who knows . i 've been working my ass off to get diamond and i was right on the border . i 'll be pretty pissed if i get stuck in gold . 	welcome to my world . i was diamond on my way to masters and now i 'm in gold after winning 4 of my placement matches . the rage is real . 
race against time : death or gm 	i 'm definitely going to die before gm . i 'm not even 30 yet 
i do n't play protoss but i ca n't help but feel like he could have still won that game like pretty easily . 	with the correct micro he probably could have not lost 1 unit . 
race against time : death or gm 	get gm or die tryin '
god it hurts my heart to see that . 	i feel sad ; ___ ; 
mmr decay isnt the reason . they got rid of that .  they just reset mmr 	whoops meant mmr reset , thanks ! one of those things where you 're thinking type one thing , but then type another . 
real talk : how do you play 30 , 000 games and not be plat level ? 	by not learning from mistakes . 
if you have n't noticed , everyone getting placed like 3 leagues below their normal placement . 	got placed in diamond . have been diamond since 2012 .  seems to me it works fine . however i did win 4 out of 5 of my placement matches . 
yeah if he put those immortals in front he would have melted that cannon line in like 3 seconds . 	i mean like even after he fucked that up . looked like 2 base vs 1 base toss who was just going voids 
real talk : how do you play 30 , 000 games and not be plat level ? 	the younger you are the faster you learn stuff . even all sc2 pros are either ex wc3 or bw players , and if they are not they are still young and picked up sc2 early on at like 15 or younger . 
this . so much this . i play for fun . i know i 'll move up the ladder if i learn better build order but i prefer to wing it because thats whats fun to me . 	this is my biggest obstacle . every time i start getting good at starcraft it starts feeling less fun and more work so i just stop . 
real talk : how do you play 30 , 000 games and not be plat level ? 	just look at his appearance , on the webcam . you 'd guess it . and also , i bet he 's american . 
now he can do a bronze to masters series ! 	gold to bronze series . 
how could you possibly play that much and be in gold , or is this a skit or something ? i mean i only really played around release , but even then you could get to diamond in a lot less games . 	personally i never understood how people could go from bronze to masters in less than 1000 games . sc2 is by no means an intuitive game for everyone . 
this . so much this . i play for fun . i know i 'll move up the ladder if i learn better build order but i prefer to wing it because thats whats fun to me . 	yeah , you ca n't win with mass widow mines when playing people who know what they are doing . 
real talk : how do you play 30 , 000 games and not be plat level ? 	i guess being good at sc2 gets harder with age . 
race against time : death or gm 	thats a bit harsh . 
this is my biggest obstacle . every time i start getting good at starcraft it starts feeling less fun and more work so i just stop . 	i had n't equated the two . i believe i 'm in the same boat - playing for fun is fun , playing to be good is a lot of work . 
try to play nida top now . it kind of sucks and you cant push much of a lead 	you can play her jungle . does every champ have to be viable in every role to get you satisfied ? 
no but if you have even skill or slightly higher then you will get destroyed . i 'm sorry but that is not fair 	have you thought about the game is n't all about 1v1 though ? like if you play tf you are n't supposed to wreck your lane . 
do lights have to go into emergency mode to generate enough light to illuminate a room if it 's been off too long ? 	has nothing to do with how long it 's been off . it 's how far from set point the actual temperature is . nothing wrong with running the e - heat it just less efficient . 
is it ok to turn the lights off when the sun comes up ?   	do lights have to go into emergency mode to generate enough light to illuminate a room if it 's been off too long ? 
has nothing to do with how long it 's been off . it 's how far from set point the actual temperature is . nothing wrong with running the e - heat it just less efficient . 	thank you . that was basically my question . is it less efficient to run emergency heat to make up the difference or less efficient to let the geo run normally ? 
game over everybody . shut down the subreddit . nothing will beat this . 	its not over yet . somebody has to do a char - nigel - pat - dickbutt . only then is it over . 
not laughing at the same joke 50 times makes you a bitter asshole ? 	was n't funny even at first , but it was a slow week on reddit . and i 'm assuming only a fucken weirdo that would go watch a video game championship would also think this is funny 
the lcs is broadcast on twitch . tv and youtube and stuff , not on television . 	chris hardwick put this on at midnight on comedy central . it 's been on real tv . 
it 's been on tv . this meme is now over . 	the lcs is broadcast on twitch . tv and youtube and stuff , not on television . 
whats so awkward about it ? i do n't get it . think its pretty funny 	she 's balling her ass , he wants her to go to the prom with him and probably gives a rats arse about the joke , but to her mind she may as well have just denied the holocaust to a survivor . 
league championship series . for the video game league of legends the most popular online game in the world currently 	that stupid shit clogging the front page everyday ? 
holy shit , how many points was that turn ? christ . 	holy crap watching that was frustrating . 
the secondary jack off station ? 	secondary , hell ! primary !  i 'm single . 
the secondary jack off station ? 	i prefer my tertiary tossing platform . 
dude , just because it 's a brown guy does n't mean he looks like zion . they do n't look anything alike . 	i did n't say anything about his colour . they do look quite alike 
i like his hair . i think he 's handsome .  i 'd let him fuck me in the ass . 	i bet you say that to every guy with greasy long hair who ca n't grow a beard . 
i 'll take your opinion with a grain of salt 	i take it with vodka . i might be an alcoholic though . 
well i 'm sure nothing seems that funny when you 've got bitter internet asshole syndrome . 	not laughing at the same joke 50 times makes you a bitter asshole ? 
that 's gold alright . 	very special gold , it was made by the ms paint mint 
how long do you think it takes to print some signs and stick them in the ground ? that is far from something that takes a lot of work . 	nonetheless , the guy is fighting back tears in the video . guessing he 's the sensitive type 
to be fair , he had that haircut before she said that . 	i like his hair . i think he 's handsome .  i 'd let him fuck me in the ass . 
good lord that 's awkward  	whats so awkward about it ? i do n't get it . think its pretty funny 
i like his hair . i think he 's handsome .  i 'd let him fuck me in the ass . 	only if i 'm second in line . 
i bet you say that to every guy with greasy long hair who ca n't grow a beard . 	i do though . ca n't have high standards in a small town or i would never get the sex . 
you 're going to make it pal ! keep up the good work 	thanks man , means a lot . 
thanks but it 's not original . i got the idea from this sub . 	yeah i know . but i thought i 'd give you the compliment anyway . 
could i buy your red corner for 20k ? 	sure . let me finish up the trade before you and ill come by . 
amazon is giving me 99 usd as well . 	well i work for radioshack and i was looking for a pair of headphones i thought it was a good deal . 
cunts . 	exactly my thought . what kind of cunt tries to take an elephant with an arrow ? 
so basically bitcoin is n't a functional replacement for plain ole folding dough . like paypal was . 	if you are in the same room as someone , using bitcoin is silly . if you are paying someone over the internet , its a breakthrough . 
for me i spend the first day pretending that i 'm better then cough syrup , and then i cave . 	i get the syrup from the doc and refuse to use it till i feel better . do n't wanna waste it on feeling bad ! 
man those things are rough . my first experience with them was when i was a little kid and was sick . popped one of those suckers in my mouth thinking it was a halls , boy was i wrong . 	same . my dad ate them as candy . no shit . 
probably not good for the kidneys , am i right ?  after this cold passes i guess i have stones to look forward too . one problem to the next . yay ! 	should n't over do it with vitamin c . your body just tries to piss out the extra with no benefit to your body . which is where the complications arise . 
fuck that shit . cough medicine , to me , has always tasted bad enough that i 'd rather just feel sick . 	yeah i had to scroll down this far to find someone that agrees with me . i do n't now why , but cough medicine may just be one of the worst tastes that i 've known . 
he 's bullshitting . honey , whether raw or pasteurized , comes in a variety of colors from gold to black to milky white . it depends entirely on the flower the bees are getting the nectar from . 	i did n't realize i was bullshitting . every time i 've seen pure honey it 's been kind of hard like butter and white . i did n't realize it could be black . i want that now . 
it 's just excess vitamin c . water soluble vitamins do that to your urine . 	probably not good for the kidneys , am i right ?  after this cold passes i guess i have stones to look forward too . one problem to the next . yay ! 
nyquil , nyquil , nyquil , we love you , you giant fucking q ! 	i 'm high as a kite and my teeth are green , merry fucking christmas ! 
probably not good for the kidneys , am i right ?  after this cold passes i guess i have stones to look forward too . one problem to the next . yay ! 	kidney stones are one of the most painful experiences on the planet . 
does it give you a buzz ? 	it has a lot of honey in it , so probably gives you a sugar rush . no alcohol in it when i tried it at a friend 's place . 
idk how they can be life changing when it absolutely wrecks any short term memories being formed . 	because although it does mess up short term memory , you still remember the impression of whatever you experienced . 
triple c 's really scary 	triple c is really fun if you have experience with this sort of thing . 
hey i know it 's my native tongue but english ai n't easy haha 	using a word incorrectly , then correctly , in the same sentence gets me . dunno why , it just does . 
same . my dad ate them as candy . no shit . 	eat a couple of packs of the sugar free stuff and it will be all shits . 
probably not good for the kidneys , am i right ?  after this cold passes i guess i have stones to look forward too . one problem to the next . yay ! 	nope .  extra vitamin c can cause kidney stones . 
take some brandy , juice a lemon and gently heat that up . mix in a spoon full of honey . drink that shit over and over again .  now you do n't care you are sick . 	i wish i had some booze now . xd 
aye , fuck you , asshole , i wanted to make that joke ! 	eat shit jessica he made that joke better than you could do in a dream where everyone is on your side . 
just checked online and it says there is n't codeine in nyquil . had me worried there for a bit . i get colds a lot and so use nyquil at least once every 2 months or so . 	oops haha . i 'm not too sure on brand names just the active ingredients . apologies for the scare haha 
so , i love honey . i especially love finding local honey from local bee keepers . i have never once seen white honey . could you elaborate please ? 	he 's bullshitting . honey , whether raw or pasteurized , comes in a variety of colors from gold to black to milky white . it depends entirely on the flower the bees are getting the nectar from . 
that 's 2 . 5 cups an hour without sleep . 	i just got a keurig yesterday .  today i averaged about a cup every hour . 
i would love to live there 1 year . 	i 'd settle for just one week though . i think that after a year , i 'd be depressed 
start with something that does n't require as much capital .  i 'm self - funded with cash and have zero debt . start smaller and grow from there . 	i have some ideas that could cost less money , but might also earn nothing or less than i earn now , those are n't as important to me as this is . 
removed . you 're expected to use one account here , not transfer between several . 	i 've got a storage account for my keys , how is that wrong ? i 'm not using that account on this subreddit , just to store some keys and cases and capsules and all that stuff . 
it 's out of beta in all but name , just be glad they have one at all . 	this is true , just frustrating that they clearly give no resources to finishing the project . 
i never wondered if a flamethrower could beat a fire hose until you posted this . 	you have n't thought of the beams of two elements colliding with one another and trying to reign supreme ?  bro needs to watch more anime . 
that 's not what my sarcasm was aimed at . i 'm poking fun at all the people who were sure that anderson was not the answer and the wrong decision to start last night . 	retracted then . i do n't get why there 's two camps . i can appreciate what both goalies brought and continue to bring to the table ! 
good , hammond got us this far but anderson 's experience will bring us further now that we have made the playoffs 	it really is about the xp . anderson is clearly showing it in his play style . cool as a price cucumber . 
i 'm finding that tough , especially when her swinging attack somehow shoves you fifty feet directly in front of her when you were behind and to the side 	it 's a tough fight , to be sure , but keep circling around and rolling forward at a 45 degree angle . 
the amount of reverse sweeps prove you wrong . 	true .  i just wanted to write some bullshit and see how many upvotes i could get . usually it works but this time it was just too obvious . 
that price is too low , but i would check it out with an open mind . 	if i end up buying this thing tomorrow , should i buy an extended warranty with it ? the original warranty has about 10 months left . what would be my options ? 
yeah , there is a lot of young talent . blows me away how young horvat is . barely twenty .  yeah , apparently . i 've been a hockey fan longer than a football fan so yeah . 	woah a niners hawks and packers mutual team ? noice go nucks 
in chicago 's case it 's after you suck for 10 years and stockpile draft picks . 	one of these years that 's gonna work out for the raiders . 
the suns took a page out of their book . 	they even have symmetrical tattoos . they are dedicated to that twin thing . 
i do n't know . i do n't follow these things . 	i do n't know anyone who follows track and sponsor relationships . 
i have n't had a wet dream or a flatline either . its not irregular . keep up the good work 	alright , thanks for sharing your experience ! keep it up my friend 
great job bro keep it up ! 	thank you ! work at it my friend , you can do it ! 
 dude ! you 're so young and bold ! you should be an example to all other kids addicted to pmo . man you 're awesome ! keep it up and good luck !   	at my age , pmo runs rampant and seems to be the norm for nearly everyone . i 'm glad i 'm different , and i 'm glad that i 'll grow up a better person for it ! 
props kid ! you guys are lucky to have this behind you at such a young age ! 	i 'm forever grateful that i 've tackled it now . good luck ! 
15 and almost at 200 days , i like seeing that you are getting started early ! 	nice streak ! good to get this shit out our lives as young as possible ! 
great job ! i kind of envy you for having discovered this and commited to it while so young haha 	i take that envy with me and use it to fuel my ever changing lifestyle . you can still beat this addiction , no matter your age 
great job ! it 's so great that you are doing this at your age . all of us here wish we could 've done what you 're doing right . have fun becoming a man ! 	thank you ! whenever i feel upset i think of all the people who would 've done so much to quit at my age , and use it to keep me going . i shall ! have fun feeling the benefits of nofap ! 
also 14 here , keep with the good work bro ! 	50 days , nice job ! keep it up brother ! 
yeah i could never pull off the hat . especially with glasses .  that 's cool about the ring though . do you wear it often ? 	i do most of the time at work and when i go to events like weddings or parties that require me to dress up . 
how does the cheapest ticket have an average price ? 	add up the cost of the cheapest ticket at each race , divide by number of races . average of cheapest tickets prices across a season . 
full time students on concession in australia get 4 day ga tix for 80 aud which is pretty reasonable considering some people pay 200 for 1 day music festivals . 	i got off the tram in front of albert park and some random gave us free tickets . thanks dude . 
add up the cost of the cheapest ticket at each race , divide by number of races . average of cheapest tickets prices across a season . 	i read that wrong using my phone , thought it said us f1 race . 
do you have any hobbies you can distract yourself with ? do you exercise ? exercise can be a great hobby and a natural anti depressant . 	i exercise a lot and am in good shape but still feel bad in the summer because i have no friends . 
backup bash is god . 	no , i am your god . hahahaha .  tell 'em , back !  power is mine . 
this kinda sounds like an individual contracting idea instead of say a construction company . brilliant idea , it would take place of the ubi complex . 	appreciate the support , it 's something that i 've had in the back of my mind for a long time now and just today decided to actually write out . 
yes , with real - time speech translation . 	like google translate ?  i 've used it with customers who i would n't otherwise be able to understand through the language barrier . 
enable a global efficient drone food delivery system . connect all farms together by giving out fair shares on a blockchain . 	that 's ridiculous . drones ca n't even eat food . 
a generator that runs on solar power with a battery that stores energy . or a generator that i can put in my car that uses wind to turn a turbine that again goes to a battery . 	technically these already exist . but making them more user friendly , smaller , out - of - the - box - functioning , and more universal would be great . 
how is this related to the future of work ? 	sorry , am high . 
you just scroll down weirdo . did you bother scrolling or just give up ? 	that shit scrolls forever . dont even care . the site is annoying . i give up . 
i like your case .  i love pressing that power - button . 	it does make such a satisfying click when you press it like a big red button . 
why not put the case on the floor ? is there some really bad reason ? 	because my trash can is right next to the desk , and i do n't want to submit my precious to such a disgrace . plus my cables are not long enough to do that . 
that rig looks like it 's contemplating its suicide , being that close to the edge . 	never fear , that case is stable enough to survive even a few earthquakes . 
pretty sure since bonds were released , rwt is no longer against the rules , or if it is it 's no longer as severely punished . gold farming and botting are the two major ban reasons rn . 	rwt is still a pretty big ban in jagex eyes because the way they look at it you 're not gaining that gp fairly or buying bonds with your dosh . 
i might have to check wvw out . never really done wvw besides map completion haha 	it 's really fun ! mostly if you have a nice group to run with . i 'd recommend trying it out ! 
meet at a police station . 	haha nice . 
he has n't even rented an apartment over the past year ? that makes me think there 's no way he 's staying . 	he rented a place and moved his family in early february . but if i had his wages , i 'd take my off days in paris too . 
i guess he 's currently living in a hotel , so must be nice to travel home so easily on his days off 	he has n't even rented an apartment over the past year ? that makes me think there 's no way he 's staying . 
i didnt read this article , aint nobody got time for that shit . just wanted to mention this . but i agree we are better off without him . 	in this comments section . yeah i agree he 's not who we need to continually seriously challenge the title every year but to sell him short like that is awfully shortsighted . 
or anti - aliasing . 	i usually leave mine off since i ca n't even max out 1080p . 
nah man , you bind a to 1 and x to zero , and write the whole thing out in binary with an xbox pad . 	i hate it when you make a mistake and have to start again . 
90k total ? i can do that !  gates open 	okay cool . adding you now . and actually just found hero 's clothes in my trunk . want those , too ? maybe like 40k for those , i kind of like them : p 
i have two degrees that say otherwise . not sure why you 're trying to insult me but if that 's the kind of person you are then it ca n't be helped . 	if you ca n't see how that 's blatant fraud , you should ask for your money back for those degrees 
that 's the definition of fraud . 	in which dictionary ? 
you smoke in a walk in box ? that 's awesome does your boss care ? 	its kinda a do n't see do n't get shit on kinda thing , he 's walked in the main room while it was mad hazy and did n't care . as long as its not obvious in front of him . 
i 'm showing offline right now due to a lot of sring . just a heads up 	i 'm not seeing you online , so i 'm going to head to bed 
against an ai you dont even need to spam , just build like 4 : 3 	against a player you just build 5 : 3 . if your enemy has sol 's you 're sol . 
microsoft certification is to make sure that certain features that interact with the os work and general other things . 	yeah , so why did this pass cert ? haha 
frame rate issues are far from the only issues this game has and there are quite a few , especially audio through headsets that are most likely some type of issue between the os and the game . 	i own the game and i 'm well aware of the problems but microsoft certification is n't about those kind of issues . 
i do n't know . i have not seen this before . the person tweeting this is a muslim woman , who herself seems surprised . 	initially i thought it was a misprint by the card maker . had never come across something like this . you see something new on reddit everyday . 
i do n't know . i have not seen this before . the person tweeting this is a muslim woman , who herself seems surprised . 	is this instance from up ? i think this is more of up thing than a muslim thing . 
is this a general practice among few sects ? 	i do n't know . i have not seen this before . the person tweeting this is a muslim woman , who herself seems surprised . 
i mean once the lilies are gone . do i need to wipe down the dresser and vacuum the floor in case any pollen fell ? 	yes . i wipe everything g down with a wet cloth and vacuum well . 
as long as the plant is in the room , it will not be safe . 	i mean once the lilies are gone . do i need to wipe down the dresser and vacuum the floor in case any pollen fell ? 
never make it past customs . 	it 's not illegal as long as it 's a small gift . have done this before . 
i love this model . your paint job looks great , but i just really love the model . 	cheers ! i 've fielded it twice now and it 's done nothing other than kill a couple of chaos space marines but i 'm keeping it in because it looks so cool ! 
i have a question on how the bomb works . i might be wrong but they do n't list a range on the weapon . is there something i am missing or a special rule that i am missing ? 	a bombing run targets a point the bomber passed over in the movement phase , so you have you be fairly close for it to work 
cheers ! i 've fielded it twice now and it 's done nothing other than kill a couple of chaos space marines but i 'm keeping it in because it looks so cool ! 	the rule of cool is nothing to thumb your nose at ! 
52 ? hams are pregnant for a year ? 	i 'm sure linda bacon will write a new book on it soon 
i made the assumption that people in college are n't children . sorry about that . 	ah nuts , i misread your comment as implying that a trigger warning on a course syllabus was somehow equivalent to a violent content warning on prime - time tv . sorry . 
we warn people that food has peanuts in it . that 's a common sense law about food packaging . food with peanuts is not banned . 	but we do n't place warnings on the front door of every building saying peanuts might be inside . a reasonable adult would expect them to be there and act accordingly . 
we warn people that food has peanuts in it . that 's a common sense law about food packaging . food with peanuts is not banned . 	peanuts are actually banned in quite a large area of ft . bennett park in nyc near my apartment . peanut - free zones and whatnot . 
why do n't we start with this one and go from there ? 	so you 're not open to the broader argument . ok . 
- my sleep is great since i went to 5000 ui from 2500 ui 	interesting . how long have you been doing that ? 
does true car cost money ? 	i do n't think so , it did n't charge me anything . 
any ideas whats next for wyatt ?  family reunion with bo joining up ?  move onto orton now that their respective feuds are over ? 	wyatt cuts a promo tonight , ryback attacks him , they continue to feud for the next 2 - 3 months . 
i always look forward to the open challenge by cena bc i 'm always hopeful that it could be a return of someone . 	i 'm guessing it 's going to be someone else from nxt to help promote the show this week . but you never know , and that 's why i totally agree - it 's an awesome thing to do each week . 
gr8 ! now my boss ca n't find out whether i 'm inside or outside the city . 	oh ya good point . but sometimes when the phone is out of reach the recorded msg is in the state 's language and that gives it away . 
thanks !  do you have a link or something to a guide how i can set it up on vista ? 	there may be a generic one , but a lot of it will be specific to your own setup . 
so tim really is the new batman beyond ?  my favorite batman is dead and i do n't know how to feel . 	do n't worry , dead terry was n't the real terry and real terry is still alive and well in his universe . 
they want to let the weakest and most easily offended set the standard for everyone else .   	or they want people to feel like reddit is not a he - man , everybody else hater 's club . wo n't work , it still will be . 
i bet you 're fun at parties 	i kinda am , because i do n't go to a winter costume party in summer clothes . 
another topper has done it before . he too went for physics at mit . if you can afford it , its great . 	mit is a need blind university iirc . if he ca n't afford it , he does n't have to pay a single penny . 
if it takes 8 years , then how come some people have records of finishing ph . d . at a very young age how does that work ? 	the length depends on your university , advisor , subject , etc . 
you could always pop out the clear bits , polish them with toothpaste , then dip them in future floor wax to clear them up .  good work ! definitely you should be proud of your first model . 	good to know ! i 'll try that next time . i was really disappointed when the windows all turned out foggy . 
you can probably tell i went there too . great campus . i miss rochester though i wish they 'd stop asking me for money : p 	every alma mater asks every graduate for money for the rest of their lives . it never stops . 
every alma mater asks every graduate for money for the rest of their lives . it never stops . 	they start asking before you even walk at graduation .  i paid them obscene money to go to school , why would i give them more ? 
it 's kind of an important topic 	the bill has been passed .  edit : downvotes ? you guys saying it did n't pass ? surprised you guys can type , i always figured your other hands were busy massaging your pee - pees 
the bill has been passed .  edit : downvotes ? you guys saying it did n't pass ? surprised you guys can type , i always figured your other hands were busy massaging your pee - pees 	that does n't stop it from being important 
i used to have one . that 's my photo actually . haha 	really nice keyboard . what 's the green keycaps you used ? 
not sure what firmware you 're running , but most exploits are compatible with tn - v , if you 're on 3 . 36 you can even make a custom bubble for it . 	i 'm running the 3 . 36 pool hall pro exploit . ill try the tn - v once again when i find my old psp . but then again , is n't the php exploit a bit buggy ? 
it 's rated lower than the third hobbit film , there 's no way that it 's worse than that . 	yeah because it certainly had more plot than the third hobbit film . i 'm never getting that two hours back . 
valhalla rising had a great atmosphere and looked great . plot wise ? a guy fights a little , some guys sit in a boat , some people kill each other , some dudes bang in the mud and then it ends . 	yeah , it 's awesome . sometimes minimal plots are cool 
 this looks interesting , i might give it a chance - besides , almost anything with kevin spacey is worth a watch . thanks for posting it !   	there 's also jeff bridges in it . the movie is very subtle and slow paced , so it might not be for everyone . 
valhalla rising had a great atmosphere and looked great . plot wise ? a guy fights a little , some guys sit in a boat , some people kill each other , some dudes bang in the mud and then it ends . 	you could treat any plot like that and make it seem like a bad movie . 
i 'm straight , but damn brad looks like a greek demigod in that movie . oh wait . 	if he wanted , in costume or not , i would bend the fuck over as straight as i am 
kinda bummed , had a tattoo sitting out waiting for me , but some stuff came up and i had to put it away . i 'll be back for it tomorrow . 	the tat is good ! you may not have smoked it today but when you do you 'll enjoy it . 
damn right it is ! picking what cigar to smoke also seems like the hardest thing to do when you want a smoke haha . 	there are a few that are off limits as i got them for her for her birthday but the rest is fair game . i just do n't know what i 'm in the mood for . 
did you buy the game after midnight ? missions stack up so someone buying it a week from today will get 10 available missions . at least that 's how vanguard worked 	i bought it maybe 5 - 6 hours ago . 
not a fan saints row 3 ? 	meh , it was ok , but the story for 2 was better for me and the gameplay for 4 was much better than 3 for me . 3 is kinda my odd man out of that series . 
juice into a separate baggy batteries into a case or at least tape the ends that 's a fire waiting to happen 	with regular duct tape on both the positive and negative ends ? 
what 's the rate of pay ? 	no money , but you would have access to unlimited taco bell and coffee . 
the limit to which you can push out a fart before it becomes a shit . we 're so close to figuring it out ! 	what 's the rate of pay ? 
why are you so mean ? i simply found something that caught my attention and i decided to put it here . and since the audio was n't relevant i opted to put a gif instead of a video . 	do n't listen to them , it 's hilarious .  i ca n't imagine audio being needed . 
dude , you are not alone 	i just need a guy who 's a 9 . 5 on his left foot and a 10 on his right with similar shoe tastes . then we could be shoe buddies . 
illness and death are n't something you can control . 	no they are n't but they do start sounding like excuses when they come back to back like that . 
hi ! you have accidentally implied that np mode actually works . oops ! not too worry , all you have to do is just stop posting on reddit ! 	what do you mean ? i stop posting on reddit because np mode does n't work ? what do you mean , sensei ? 
i have n't ordered the coilovers yet , i 'm still trying to decide which route i want to take . suspension stuff still confuses me , i 'm definitely a motor guy . 	what are your plans . i went coil overs up front and springs in the rear , specifically weighted for the mm 3 link conversion . it 's all still in boxes because i 'm an ass . 
sure ! how much were you thinking ? 	i do n't mind how much really . 50k sound good ? if you want i 'll list a player in about 10 hours as in busy atm . 
hey if you do n't mind , if you have any left over coins do you think you could give them away ? 	sure ! how much were you thinking ? 
i know you 've already given some coins away , but if you end up having any leftover i would tremendously appreciate them ! 	i second this .  congrats on the pulls man ! 
i know i said 100k to the person above but he was the first to ask . is 75k alright ? 	75k is perfect ! love your streams too ! ill pm you 
would 100k do the trick ? 	count me in ! 
i like the idea . good luck .  you will have one survey that does not have all fields filled in , my system crashed mid survey . so i submitted a new one . 	thanks ! not a problem , checking the results i think it did n't save the first one and only saved all your good data .  thanks again ! 
i liked pacific rim better too , but godzilla was n't terrible . just wish there were more scenes with the big guy . 	there is a fantastic forty minute giant monster movie just waiting to be cut from that movie . 
maybe dig did not get the memo that last lcs team gets auto - relegated or something . they were too complacent and it is going to cost them dearly . 	i did n't read that memo either , is this a thing ? yah dig is screwed 
most likely it does , because to find korean porn it actually requires you to do some form of research . 	i do n't like how they are all hairy as fuck and have purple genitalia , this applies to most asian porn though . 
very few koreans are as americanized and fluent as loco , dignitas needs this person magically within a week and to come work on their mess that does n't even currently have a jungler . 	it 's such a fucking joke lol . 
you can also work and speak to your workers while speaking korean and not having them accommodate for your lack of knowledge of their language and culture . 	monte is in a position where he get by just fine without knowing any korean and he does n't appear to have enough of an interest in korea as a nation to learn it as a hobby or whatever either . 
who the hell has that kind of money at 19 . 	someone with rich parents . 
if they were serious about finding a coach they 'd have one already . they 're looking for a magic bullet to fix their team , which they 're not going to find . 	maybe dig did not get the memo that last lcs team gets auto - relegated or something . they were too complacent and it is going to cost them dearly . 
dig did n't make being an expert a requirement . just a strong understanding .  i think she fills all of the requirements pretty well . 	well , i ca n't imagine her leaving a solid career for what is almost guaranteed to be a temporary position with dignitas . 
i mean they even boot camped in korea and got some help from some analysts , why did n't they just hire those people ? 	those people might not want to move to na . 
she carries the burden of proof and he is supposed to benefit from presumption of innocence . what 's wrong with that ? 	so , unless a victim can prove a crime , they 're not allowed to talk about it ? 
in case you have n't noticed , that applies to court , not general life . 	yes but it leads to a trail by mob mentality . there is a reason innocent until proven guilty is a corner stone of justice no matter how despicable the crime . 
she carries the burden of proof and he is supposed to benefit from presumption of innocence . what 's wrong with that ? 	in case you have n't noticed , that applies to court , not general life . 
so if you accuse someone of murder you get the same sentence as if you 're found guilty of actually committing murder ? til . 	no , the person who gets accused has to undergo the same sentence . it 's horrible 
so , unless a victim can prove a crime , they 're not allowed to talk about it ? 	they are but when your ultimate goal is to throw someone in jail , evidence are a must have . 
i thought either mewtwo or ness also have double jumps that drop down a tiny bit . 	it 's an illusion . their ecb does n't actually lower , which determines stage collision . 
i thought either mewtwo or ness also have double jumps that drop down a tiny bit . 	afaik it does n't lower them enough to make them land after a short hop or full jump , so they ca n't do the rapid double jump lands that are shown in the video . 
yoshi can parry it perfectly . pretty much if a game got to tas level nobody would take damage every match would be a draw with any character thus any tas logic is bad . 	yeah but to parry shine it 'd have to be a read on the exact frame that fox uses it 
history tends to repeat itself . 	could you list any past conflicts ? 
yeah yeah . i regret the decision now due to it being so cliche . i joined when i was like , 13 and thought top gun was the greatest thing . 	do n't feel bad . when i was 13 top gun was the greatest thing . 
they really need to add a search function similar to lounge . browsing by category is really clumsy . 	you can search by name as well , and minimum and maximum price . 
his team just is n't good enough for him to win the award . it 's kind of an unwritten rule that you have to be on at least a top 4 seeded team to win mvp 	i agree that he should n't win but i ca n't in good faith say that 9 players have been more valuable to their teams this year than davis . he 's gotta be top 5 at least . 
i agree that he should n't win but i ca n't in good faith say that 9 players have been more valuable to their teams this year than davis . he 's gotta be top 5 at least . 	i think kevin love was was in the top 5 - 7 with a losing record last year . 
you should add anthony davis to the list ! 	especially if we 're not counting team records apparently . 
everyone has been talking about curry vs harden all season , but if the cavs end up getting a top 2 seed in the east , the award might honestly be lebron 's to lose 	why would lebron getting the 2 seed in a weak eastern conference beat out curry for getting the 1 seed in the west or harden if they were to get the 2 or 3 seed ? 
man , it was so fun when we were n't talking about lebron for mvp .  edit : not a lebron hater at all , just thought it was nice to talk about curry and harden as our mvp 's . 	feel the same way about discussing a finals without lebron or duncan . actually i 'd prefer if neither even made the conference finals . let some new bloods in please . 
actually , stats need context .  for example - yes , the cavs are 30 - 20 , but why was n't the 1 - 8 play removed , as lebron was n't in then ? 	i mean if we 're going down that road , should n't playing in every game help steph 's and harden 's candidacy for mvp over lebron ? i know harden 's probably been tired as fuck . 
i agree that he should n't win but i ca n't in good faith say that 9 players have been more valuable to their teams this year than davis . he 's gotta be top 5 at least . 	top 2 in my book with lbj , or maybe top 4 with harden and curry when taking into account injuries . 
it was n't particularly funny so i chose to comprehend it seriously . 	it also speaks that curry has n't missed a game . 
its a drug joke was looking for funny answers because i get bored reading these : p 	lol , makes sense ! 
drives a tank . 	are they hydrogen fuel cell tanks ? 
why do you think he did n't talk about this as governor ? he did the study setup for cap and trade , and approved high speed rail . 	well probably he was pandering to the gop base or scared to rock it . 
pity he did n't have much to say when he was governor . though at least some republicans might listen , so hey , keep rolling . 	why do you think he did n't talk about this as governor ? he did the study setup for cap and trade , and approved high speed rail . 
when you see a republican get elected to governor of a a majority - democratic state , it often means they 're pretty moderate , as republicans go . not always , but often . 	yep , kind of like illinois 'new governor supporting gay marriage and raising the minimum wage . some pretty left - wing ideas compared to the rest of his party . 
drives a tank . 	he was the driving reason behind the hummer being made into a commercial vehicle . 
yellow by coldplay . lost my virginity to this song . my ex was a bit corny . 	i remember hearing my dad playing this in the car and from them on hating coldplay . 
does she jump back into the water or slowly slides down the filter ? 	both . if i walk in the room fast she will get scared and jump back in . if she t notice me she slides in . i have 6 females in 2 tanks and 5 of them do this . 
donny you miserable son of a bitch , life does not stop and start at your convenience ! 	donnie you are out of your element !  oh man , that whole movie is nothing but a giant compilation of quotable material . 
we 're not supposed to talk about this . 	then shut the fuck up ! 
yeah i 'll do that . i 'll also be the guy standing on the seats . 	get off the seats , you two !  just showed a dude in a brown barca shirt - wtf ? : d  
did you try and remove it to see if there was any kind of mechanism in or behind it ? 	if its two or three feet off the ground i think it may have been a place you could hang the tools to manage an old furnace or stove . like the shovel pick and brush .   
dude , you just completely missed the ping . look at the edited version . at the right 	i just uploaded an extra picture , just for you and the other guy so you can see it 
lina is a bitch she probably torture pets . 	the hell did i just read . 
lina does n't have a freaking adorable puppy either 	lina is a bitch she probably torture pets . 
all acrylic . i pretty much found the image on the interwebz and painted a larger version on canvas . painting each square was pretty tedious , but the final product was worth it . 	those are awesome . i desperately need that last one as an inside joke at work . 
really chill . i like ! 	thank you ! a chill vibe is usually what aim for with my music , so that 's good to hear . 
i 'm certainly interested in the environment this song will be supporting . its chill with a little dark , mysterious feel to it . i dig ! 	that 's exactly the type of feeling i was going for ! thanks ! 
it was an answer to the question hidden inside a hairy pussy joke , and he was refuting the answer . 	still smells a bit fishy to me . 
cool . have fun ! you 're going to be chucking the flavor and clouds with that build i 'll bet ! 	i just tried a rip off of it , and yeah , the cloud is way bigger haha . 
someone should turn these into phone wallpapers specially the second one . 	i second this motion .   
likewise i 've had no problems vaping 2c - b and 2c - e . hcl 	same , 2c - p and t7 also , so i assume the whole family should be safe to vape 
but what about for those of us who actually take care of our phones and do n't need to put them in cases ? what about companies that seal their modules ? 	buying a protective case is an extremely effective way of taking care of your phone . 
but what about for those of us who actually take care of our phones and do n't need to put them in cases ? what about companies that seal their modules ? 	so the point is you can change the look of them too , its not so much a big case as an individual colouring for each module that comes in sets 
on the bright side , you 'll get a phone and a toy racecar ! 	4 modules with wheels and rc receiver ! 
but what about for those of us who actually take care of our phones and do n't need to put them in cases ? what about companies that seal their modules ? 	yeah i throw my phone on the ground all the time because i hate it , that 's why i need a case 
my town still has a video rental shop . they have a commercial disc cleaner . thing looks like a giant disc changer . anyway that kind of machine could fix it . 	thanks , but i dont even think i have seen a video store for so long around here . 
do they eat people food ? i 'm not sure where to get crazy pills either . they oddly do n't seem to eat popcorn which confuses me as they produce so much of it . 	i had a cat that would go crazy for popcorn . it was weird . cat food , popcorn , and bugs were the only three things he would eat . fucker loved eating moths . 
oh boy ! this is the first time a source of drama has followed me home to srd .  can i keep him ? 	do they eat people food ? i 'm not sure where to get crazy pills either . they oddly do n't seem to eat popcorn which confuses me as they produce so much of it . 
much like american politics , mods are not chosen so much on their merits as their ability to wade in the shit they sling . 	i work in politics and i want to kiss you for saying that . the number one job qualification is a high tolerance for bullshit . most people burn out within a year . 
i mean , i have no idea who the person you 're asking about is .  and yes , mtg subreddits are generally more my speed . how astute of you to notice that i post there . 	is mtg now cancerous ? this shit is getting crazier . 
if i was hallucinating the cat thing , my best guess is that it was actually a roomba . 	what magical forest did you go to to find vacuum cleaners in the wild ? 
ca n't answer the question ? maybe magic the gathering subs are more your speed bud ? 	i mean , i have no idea who the person you 're asking about is .  and yes , mtg subreddits are generally more my speed . how astute of you to notice that i post there . 
what did i say there that was false ? 	it would be a lot easier to tell you the parts that were true . 
well reddit in general , rather . 	ok , generalize much ? do n't fall off that high horse from reaching too far . 
were the books that old or the authors that delusional ? 	the book was old and barely holding together . 
am i the only person who got really annoyed that you went over the cdr cap ? 	well it 's not a perfect guide . just an ok guide . 
play with friends brah . it also helps if you disabled all chat . 	ye playing with friends is the best , unless its competitive then you have to ditch them . 
dear god i hope this was work of fiction . the generic description started to sound really specific all of a sudden . 	pretty sure there were too many specifics that were cliche for it to be real . 
in my stores they always have 115 which is what i buy . it is the perfect balance for me . not too yellow , but just pink enough . 	i actually just bought 115 today . it 's just a tiny bit too pink for me , which is mad annoying , but i love the formula . i 'm considering buying 110 to mix in . 
i 've never seen that before ! thanks , man ! 	please do n't gender label me 
thanks for the information and direction . 	there 's a link at the top of this sub with some great red cross info 
there 's a link at the top of this sub with some great red cross info 	i 've never seen that before ! thanks , man ! 
lots of germans in milwaukee . i miss the city . 	mia san milwaukee facebook group ?   
nice . im from athens 	i went to auburn so we ca n't be friends 
we should start a fan club . 	hell yeah or at least get a group together to watch ! 
georgia , usa 	nice . im from athens 
thanks for the heads up . i 'm surprised that , from what i can see on this thread , wisconsin is second behind munich for most fans on here . 	lots of germans in milwaukee . i miss the city . 
lol , former wwe champ the godfather does have quite a ring to it . 	ooh the godfather , just hearing his name makes my blue blood boil .  edit : now i 'm sad . 
oh right , where can i go to get a list ? 	op 's post . 
this is really interesting . its like an alternate wwe universe .  but let 's be clear , i do n't want to live in a world that r - truth was wwe champion .  rusev crush orange soda 	but we do live in a world where david arquette has won the world heavyweight championship . fact ! 
linear : progressing from one stage to another in a single series of steps ; sequential . 	thanks for proving my point . 
i gotta admit . i do n't find any of the cards that interesting or well made . captain cookie is the only fun one . 	i find the dual tribal a bit iffy , but it is definitely more fun than a barrel full of murlocs ! 
exploit how ? idk exactly how they would change it to make it work , but the idea is just to be able to change your build around 	well exploiting by changing your build because of what enemy team is building . 
well exploiting by changing your build because of what enemy team is building . 	that 's the whole point ! the enemy team can do the same thing 
ticket closed , thank you . 	if it 's not there then just search for jacques in the galaxy map and it will show you the current star system it 's in 
alright i will try that later . why do i need to run the power cord someone else ? 	heat from your card might damage the wire . it would also look much cleaner . 
florida hospital the east orlando campus . this is based off of our google maps search , we could be wrong .   	the florida hospital east orlando campus is several miles east of the fashion square mall . so , baldwin park may or may not be a good option for your gf . 
i refuse to ride a block with out my helmet but it 's my choice . i do n't need the state telling me how to ride my bike . 	yeah same goes for seat belts ! 
want to increase rider safety ? do n't hit me with your car ! 	right ! i really wish cities would implement a unified bike lane spanning through different cities , but then i imagine no one would use them . 
i have never heard a dj play that song . 	true robot biden , drop the beat hit up the vp seat and call in b rock o b 
fool ! i begin every morning with a cup of coffee with cream . 	joe you rock - rock those aviator ray bans baby 
joe you rock - rock those aviator ray bans baby 	i have never heard a dj play that song . 
true , poor joe 	fool ! i begin every morning with a cup of coffee with cream . 
a rhetorical look at movies and how it changes the perspective of emotion . 	alas , the department will not let us analyze fiction of any kind . no fictional books , movies , or tv shows . only non - fiction . 
good thing you have an american flair because you do n't know shit about where the states are lol 	or maybe he did n't know that the tk house was in atlanta ? 
lol yea , of course two west coast players would say that . 	so it 's different then east coaster saying the same thing ? 
lol yea , of course two west coast players would say that . 	well to be fair karma lived in north carolina so he has experience as both a player on the east coast and west coast . 
so it 's different then east coaster saying the same thing ? 	i really have no idea which one is tougher to be honest . i just think there is an obvious bias here . 
it 's great when you 're hosting but when the other team hosts , it 'll be terrible if they 're playing central or east coast hosts . 	that 's why it would be dumb . both the advantage and disadvantage are too great . there would be almost no good respawn games , unless the off host team completely outclasses the hosting team . 
well because of my horrible a . d . d i like to listen to them as i follow along on the actual book . it works wonders for my attention . 	interesting idea ! i do n't care for audiobooks too much , but now i want to try what you described . 
buy is a strong word . considering that it 's multiplayer only and will eventually die and you 'll never be able to play it again , i 'd say rent is a more apt word . 	speaking of which , is there still a decently - sized player base for this game ? or has it devolved into top pros and hackers only , like mw2 is now ? 
for any of you who wanted to buy the game but have n't gotten around to it here 's amazing deal i found on amazon today . 	buy is a strong word . considering that it 's multiplayer only and will eventually die and you 'll never be able to play it again , i 'd say rent is a more apt word . 
you still own a carton of milk when it 's expired . 	and you can still drink it if you want . you ca n't , however , play titanfall when the servers get shut down . 
seriously the struggle is real . i never thought i 'd see the day where i 'm standing there like a fat kids in a candy shop , trying to narrow it down to just 7 choices lol ! 	pray for florida everyone ! 
it 's like having imaginary money ! think of all the imaginary things it could get you ! 	i 'm saving mine so i can put a hotel on park place ! 
once you get 20k you get a free car . 	pay up buddy . 
have you seen him cast sc2 ? he 's very professional . definitely not as over the top as amaz . anyhow . he 's def be my pick . 	i do n't follow sc2 but i watch his stream sometimes . he plays with his cats half the time which is cute at first but gets old real quick . 
i do n't follow sc2 but i watch his stream sometimes . he plays with his cats half the time which is cute at first but gets old real quick . 	yeah they have been a bit of a distraction but being a cat person i can get passed it . 
do they not deliver jokes in your zip code ? 	you 're right . i feel so stupid i did n't get a joke that was so funny it got not 1 , not 2 , but 3 upvotes . 
but , can you hit the broad side of a barn ? 	just curious though , is there something set up wrong that you see , or were you just asking in general ? 
dat gpu dough ! can you go 7 or 9 series ? 	im not really planning on buying another gpu lol  it would still do the job with gaming tho right ? 
i 'm sorry , the filter ? 	like a screen , you know so the weed doesnt go through the hole in the bottom of the bowl . 
they did n't know about japan ? 	huh ? its clearly there on the far right .  china is in the center , europe to the left , korea to the right . 
it 's better until you get past the middle east , at which point it becomes just as much of a mess as the korean map , and for the same reasons . 	yeah , it looks like they were just guessing for a lot of the parts . they 're not even close to correct . 
gorgeous feet ! hopefully you post more 	thank you dave ! i hope to do some more this week ! 
possibly spoil the first season of the new big 3 ? i 'd be cool with that . 	it would be great , lebron possibly loses 4 times to texas 
that 's not called fucking up you did n't lose any money 	i guess we have different definitions . i lost an opportunity to make money . 
that was supposed to be the joke . did n't hit it well on my end . 	 joke of the day . q : what do wooden whales eat ? a : plankton . 
if some team takes strong i hope we trade back . 	even if a solid db is still on the board ? i 've heard about the depth of the wr class this year , but have n't heard a peep about dbs . 
yeah that 's a given . i do n't know shit about cars , but i know enough to take it to someone that does . 	definitely get a third party mechanic , someone post here awhile back about a car lot mechanic going along with a dealership scam so a third party is a good idea .   
you can rent me to hold your hand , if you want . 	you promise not to talk ? 
i 'm looking for more casual lol players : just wanna have fun playing , not ranked or any pvp where winning is all that matters . 	check your pms we 'll be happy to play league with you . 
this is great , man .  just to clarify , this is in standard g , right ? 	yup . but the high g string is tuned up to an a 
yup . but the high g string is tuned up to an a 	great , thanks for letting me know . i 'm gonna give this a whirl . 
lol . 750ti and a 4690k . hes asking to play games on ultra , not medium . 	thats why i said i was n't sure . i can play most games on ultra on my 770 at 1440p and at 60fps and some games at 4k at 60fps . it would really depend on which games he is planning to play . 
after watching him for two seasons at michigan , i thought the exact opposite . he seemed to lack the aggressiveness needed to succeed in the nba . 	he should 've left after his freshman season , but i 'm sure a lot of teams are glad he did n't . 
ants may have crawled up my penis , i do n't know if they did for sure , but i worry about it a lot 	the odds are so good that it 's almost a certainty . they like to lay eggs in there . what 's weird is when the baby ants crawl out of your penis . 
good god sokka what 's wrong with your chin . 	it 's the process of him turning into a man 
i ca n't stop laughing at the weather channel one . 	as you can see the northeast is just getting pounded by rain ! 
do you want me to explain the commentary that makes this post work or are you just looking for a fight ? 	again all man and transgender down votes and women who think it 's physically possible for a woman to rape a man . 
well , rape involves penetration , which is much more common toward women . either way , they 're getting the message across . 	let 's not exclude people who suffer other forms of sexual assault though , women or men . 
that would be sexual assault , but technically not rape when there is no form of penetration . 	i mean , that 's how horrible assholes who want female on male sexual assault victims to be marginalized define rape , but the dictionary says otherwise . 
all man should read this . 	implying that only men can rape ? i suppose what that woman did to me then was just a misunderstanding ? 
all man should read this . 	ah yes , because all men rape unless told not to . 
well , rape involves penetration , which is much more common toward women . either way , they 're getting the message across . 	whether it 's more common or not should not matter , men can be victims of rape too , by another man or woman 
well , rape involves penetration , which is much more common toward women . either way , they 're getting the message across . 	er , no it does not ? men can be raped through piv sex , and women can be raped without it . 
i 'd be happy to lend you a hand if you would like another experienced guy with you . 	i 'll keep that in mind , but we have some pretty high level guys . it should be fine ! 
thanks for the group everyone . vog went so well we decided to do someone 's crota cp haha ! 	thanks for joining , that was a lot of fun ! 
about 3 months old . the other drive is just one that i pulled out of a laptop 	hmm then it 's probably not what i was thinking of . it might be a good idea to check the intel rapid storage driver anyway and see if it needs to be updated or reinstalled . 
ive heard that the 750ti and 260x are pretty much the same performance wise but does the 260x beat the 750ti ? 	the performance is so close that the better card changes from game to game but because the 260x is cheaper in canada go with that card . 
this . most guides have access to tags that they can sell you which will avoid the whole lottery process from the state . 	i did n't know that . seems super important . thanks . 
i see that i was downvoted . if i messed up would someone please care to explain why or how ? i am under the impression i have not from the other reply . 	who can say . different people have different reasons for downvoting . it may just be that someone wants to see more of some other kind of post and fewer of this sort . 
to me it sounds like you 're going to have to root and put a recovery on , then flash gapps to get google play back . 	how do i root without an sd card ? 
do i get a wedding invitation since plastered visage is the best ship now ? 	ehhh , they 're staying as friends for now . when they get together , you 'll be the first to know though . make sure to set that as an alert . 
oh no , you 're not introducing it . my face has met the wall . they 're best buds at this point . 	do i get a wedding invitation since plastered visage is the best ship now ? 
does anyone else realize how difficult it would be to tear up cement , concrete and asphalt to dig holes for posts ?  simply disable building on roads and paved surfaces . fixed . 	 indeed . i like the idea of people block a street for example but i dislike seeing those overuse of building just to annoy people instead of placing the structure with a set goal in mind . 
nobody can run from a bear , currently . 	i do n't outrun the bear but if i do not stop running it will not catch me . just need to get to someones stairs at their base and the bear is toast 
only thing i hope is that they do n't stop with mewtwo 	i hope they prioritize veterans who were cut . ivysaur , squirtle , and pichu please , sakurai ! 
the deadline to register for a code is march 31 . that does n't mean anything about when we 'll get the codes or when mewtwo will even be released , though . 	wait , you have to register for a code in order to get mewtwo ? i thought all i had to do was have both versions of the game . 
so even if you buy the 3ds version after that dat you wo n't be able to get mewtwo ? 	you will be able to buy it , but only by registering both versions will he be free . 
nope you need to register both games with club nintendo before march 31 to get the offer . because otherwise how would they know you purchased both versions of the game ? 	hang on , if i do n't have the 3ds version i wo n't be able to get mewtwo at all ? 
wait , you have to register for a code in order to get mewtwo ? i thought all i had to do was have both versions of the game . 	nope you need to register both games with club nintendo before march 31 to get the offer . because otherwise how would they know you purchased both versions of the game ? 
nope you need to register both games with club nintendo before march 31 to get the offer . because otherwise how would they know you purchased both versions of the game ? 	so even if you buy the 3ds version after that dat you wo n't be able to get mewtwo ? 
i got my cds last week . so they should be coming soon . 	mine arrived two days ago , with no email announcement or whatever . it 's on it 's way , do n't worry ! 
fuckin love nurkic man . 	it was soooooo satisfying and hilarious . love that man . he also seemed like he is really happy . he was always talking to everyone with a smile on his face . 
i did n't realize the answer was brewing these days 	i do n't think they 're currently brewing , but they 've done a few collabs and describe themselves as a brewery . i was hesitant to add them to my list . 
he is n't technically taking a spot though . i do n't see the problem 	does this count as parking on the correct side of the sign ? 
does this count as parking on the correct side of the sign ? 	the answer depends on who issued his license plates . 
wow , they hack into a account to play it casually and make progress for you 0_o  i wish all hackers were like this lol , but on a serious note i guess change your password if you can 	lol , they are good guys for playing maxwell for him xd level 57 even . 
lol , they are good guys for playing maxwell for him xd level 57 even . 	yes only at level 57 . i 've never even thought about attempting any of the trials ! 
mario can be killed just by touching a creature that is just a head and feet . 	and by the same token he can survive any hit as long as long as he 's big and then get mercy invincibility . 
we wo n't play the blackhawks it 's not happening round 1 . we 'll play the ducks or blues or possibly the preds .  we have the best shot against nashville then the ducks . 	i know , that 's why i said by some turn of events . it 'd have to take a miracle or the measles for both of us to pass the blues lol 
there 's a facebook group called columbia lost and found paws that 's very active . post this there as well ! 	thank you ! we came across that earlier . he was seen around noon , but nothing since then . 
agreed . every comment i read is some type of snarky critique of how the show is . stop fucking listening already . so annoying . 	they 'd rather have a bitchy circlejerk where they cry about it every day . 
get over yourself lmao . fucking baby . 	thought so . back to your crib and diapers . 
it 's kinda fun to antagonize them though . they get really mad about it . 	yeah , it 's like they are not only angry about the show , they are angrier when people tell them the obvious advice to remedy the situation that they could n't think of 
lol . i 'm just terrified some moron on a message board is so pissed off that i like howard stern that he 's going to track me down and hurt me . do your worst , dumb dumb . 	fear . confirmed . 
lol whatever you say . enjoy getting mad about stuff on the internet and a radio show . you 're super cool . 	lost . u mad ? 
you lost . shit got real and you backed down like a pussy . sorry champ . enjoy mediocrity . lol 	lol whatever you say . enjoy getting mad about stuff on the internet and a radio show . you 're super cool . 
great pic ! makes me miss home though lol  	did you use to live in stanley ? 
would kill for a 42 - 45 def guide . 	a void only guide it is . 
would kill for a 42 - 45 def guide . 	well i hope you 're about to murder that pussy . 
i 'd bet good money your friend put the legs on turned out instead of in . 	the table would fall over easily if they were facing in . 
dead snow 2 : red vs . dead . soviet zombies vs nazi zombies . 	this sound pretty sweet . vaguely remember watching the first one and laughing a lot . 
seriously ? i though this was pretty big everywhere . it 's had endless repeats on british tv 	yea i did n't know about it tell it recommended it to me from watching house 
how many kittens is too many kittens ? 	10 becuase that 's a lot of cats 
hi , i 'm curious what styles do you feel comfortable working in ? 	what styles are you thinking of ?   
fuck me that auto correct  i meant he should n't make videos in that state . 	you should edit it , or probably just delete it at this point . 
i color all my pieces in real life . then i either scan or take a photo of the piece ! this is just a cropped photo . 	cool stuff ! 
do you just draw and then scan the drawing onto photoshop on the computer and color it in there ? or do you actually color it in real life and simply scan the picture ? 	i color all my pieces in real life . then i either scan or take a photo of the piece ! this is just a cropped photo . 
does the acid art style really fit the adventure time characters ? 	this is an old piece . not part of the series , and definitely has a dark theme . 
i 'm lucky in the sense that everyone in my department has their tea the same . it makes the thinking process much simpler , except when a couple of people decide they want coffee instead . 	what if someone asks for water , or squash or some other non hot drink ? is that bad tea round etiquette ? 
ugh , we have the opposite problem . plenty of people on the team happy to cover their round of tea but no fucking water in the kettle every time ! 	a walk to the kettle clears the fog out of your head like a mini justifiable break and water for the next guy means water for you next time you go back ! there 's a system people ! 
facebook is talking shit about kemba . was he that selfish ? 	kemba 's a high volume shooter just like most of the players that the dumb fans who complain about this know by name .   
i probably should be paying attention in my mba course right now , but i 'm not and instead keeping up with the game on espn . com . 	study hard boo ! there will still be hornets basketball a few years from now when you 're making bucks 
sounds good ! let 's figure something out . it sounds like you have an idea of how to do this so why do n't you and i work together on this so that it works well with the game club . 	i 'm down . i 'll pm you my contact stuff . i 'm at work now , so i 'll send you that stuff and then message whenever . 
and that 's your opinion of his opinion . 	yes buts it 's personal to me , i do n't go telling other people . 
go ahead , tell me what text is worth picking up while you 're getting a blowjob . i 'll wait .  you were dumb . apologize . 	i 've probably done the same thing in order to turn the damn thing on vibrate so it does n't keep going off . he should apologize , but she should understand it is an automatic reaction . 
i know that , but it 's just too damn uncomfortable , and i snag it on my door . 	if you use the shorter tubes and put the pump on the opposite side of your body as the infusion set this is n't really a problem . 
i disagree . i bought one , and the blade folder over big time slicing some pine . mind you , i bought the gerber one , but they 're identical . 	i also had blade damage . in my opinion they are not very good . i prefer forged axe heads and wooden handles . 
yea , i was thinking about the central command attack for the soldiers . 	yeah , he does n't kill any soldiers in that , much less civilians . 
true . we do n't see mustang fight much in the series , and he has even fewer instances of being in - character . 	i guess there were also the scenes of him killing lots of civilians , but not sure if he 's willing to go to such extremes with random people just yet . 
gaining fat is not the same as gaining weight !  there could be something in diet soda that would cause changes in metabolism , resulting in easier creation of fat tissue , for example . 	the only way to gain muscle is also to consume more calories than you 're burning .  so either way , gaining weight is calories in vs . calories out . 
there are 24g of sugar in a cup of juice . 	the key point being , 24g of sugar minus the necessary fibre . i agree with the theory that sugar is fine when it comes with fibre etc as it does in plants before we mess with them . 
more belly fat than people who drink the same amount of full - sugar sodas ? 	iirc diet soda madness people crave sweets more , this leading to more sugary foods and thus weight . 
why do these studies never control for diet and caloric intake ? jeeze . 	because self report journals are garbage for calorie information and nutrition research is too underfunded to put lots of people on defined diets for a long time . 
they did n't control the amount of food given to mice in those studies ? 	they let the mice free feed and tracked the amount consumed . the aspartame mice ate more food .  you could control the food , but , it would n't show the effects on hunger . 
because self report journals are garbage for calorie information and nutrition research is too underfunded to put lots of people on defined diets for a long time . 	better not to do it at all and get preposterous results at odds with the basic laws of nature ? 
more belly fat than people who drink the same amount of full - sugar sodas ? 	why not run a study that controls for diet soda vs . regular soda vs . coffee vs . tea vs . juice vs . water ? do a large 10000 person study like that . i would like to see how that turns out . 
do you have a weight issue ? 	i could stand to lose 10 pounds . 
they conclude by including pure fruit juice in the better drink list . from what i 've seen , it is pretty well established that pure fruit juice is just plain not good for you . 	pure fruit juice is basically pure sugar . so it 's pretty good if you want to become diabetic . 
more belly fat than people who drink the same amount of full - sugar sodas ? 	to be fair , these diet sodas bill themselves as having zero calories ; so either we get to compare them to people who drink water , or they need to change their marketing tactic . 
i see a skinny person drinking diet drinks every day . i am one . 	this is why i said rarely and you are clearly the exception to the rule . i see fat people sucking on a diet coke all the time . 
they used waist measurement to estimate visceral fat .   	if that were the case , then complications such as abdominal flexing , lung resting point , or even stomach contents would affect the measurement . 
they conclude by including pure fruit juice in the better drink list . from what i 've seen , it is pretty well established that pure fruit juice is just plain not good for you . 	since when ? i keep reading that fruit sugars make our bodies feel full in a way corn syrup does n't . 
it 's very true .  if you have a question about something in specific , i will be glad to elaborate . 	how about a source for the dopamine statement ? not saying your right or wrong , just that i 've never heard that . 
tasting something sweet still causes an insulin spike . diet soda makes you eat more and hold onto more calories . 	i 'm on mobile but if you care to look through the thread you 'll find some sources i posted from examine among others debunking this 
more belly fat than people who drink the same amount of full - sugar sodas ? 	i think either one is really bad for your weight , teeth and stomach lining . especially for those who drink large amounts per day . bad stuff . 
unless you 're made of mostly fat , then it 's bad . 	still better to eat fat than sugar . try it . 
they conclude by including pure fruit juice in the better drink list . from what i 've seen , it is pretty well established that pure fruit juice is just plain not good for you . 	there are 24g of sugar in a cup of juice . 
your individual case does n't mean a correlation does n't exist 	is that physical correlation or psychological correlation ? kinda key to this whole chain of discussion right now . 
i know people are still excited for roman but man i do n't wanna see that guy in the main event . i do n't like his work .   	it 's going to happen bro . they 're absolutely not giving up on that . and with a year 's work , i think he 'll be ready . 
i seem to be too retarded to figure out how to make it look right on the top of my channel . this is because i 've never had a youtube banner before . i must fiddle with it a bit . 	in my tired idiocy , i 've made them all to a small template , so it looks odd on most monitors . i 'll fix it if i ever get the time . 
ca n't they just sit at the end of the table like the head of a table would ? seems kinda worthless 	usually its for people who want a lot of table space and nobody sitting beside them . 
ca n't they just sit at the end of the table like the head of a table would ? seems kinda worthless 	the chairs do n't always fit underneath . 
i ordered between the sheets and it is fast becoming my favorite blush to wear . i love that it does n't have sparkle and the color is just a perfect peachy - pink nude on me . 	it so is ! i think it makes my freckles stand out . it also works beautifully as a transition shade ! 
shin megami tensei x fire emblem .  seriously , that game is a myth at this point . 	it feels like its slowly slipping into development hell . have nintendo said anything about it since its announcement ? 
wow , this is an amazing story . one of the best i 've read on this sub . please post the rest of the story ! 	i finally posted the follow up story . thank you for reading . 
its like ? no bro . every single souls game has one . fact . lol . i think its always such a big deal with souls games though because it ruins the difficulty aspect . 	i was under the impression the item dupe glitches in the dark souls games were mostly squashed , but who knows . 
e mail sent . she was extremely quick with response saying my sample would be sent out first thing tomorrow . fingers crossed for this vendor . we need a reliable vendor more than ever now . 	update with a product review ! 
no , legal medically for many years , but super easy to get a card . 	why not just fully legalize it ? 
so is it just basically legal in california ? 	no , legal medically for many years , but super easy to get a card . 
so is it just basically legal in california ? 	i mean it pretty much is in a sense , getting caught wo n't get you in anymore trouble than a parking ticket . 
nope it 's real and it 's great . i think camel audio is no more though . 	i believe you 're right ! it 's still out there , but no longer free !  a sad day in the producer 's world . 
it 's data milk . 	so it 's like this sub . breakfast of champions . 
did you try reinstalling the game ? 	alrighty i 'm reinstalling it right now edit : it worked thanks !  edit 2 : aaaand the console is showing up again upon joining my world . multiplayer seems to work fine though 
mcgregor will pressure aldo from the start wo n't allow him to get space to set up his punch kick combo . i see mcgregor winning the fight by tko . 	yeah , i think the forward pressure and tempo is the most important thing here . i do n't see aldo moving forward or generating the power he needs while being stalked down by mcgregor . 
sorry if i offend someone , but i really wonder what kosher salt is . or how salt can be not kosher . 	it 's probably not kosher anymore if you sprinkle it over pork sausages 
sorry if i offend someone , but i really wonder what kosher salt is . or how salt can be not kosher . 	it 's just salt that has bigger crystals . 
you are blowing my mind right now . how did you get them to grow that fat ? 	i 'm guessing these are cutting off of a larger plant and that 's why they are so stout . 
i would happily build a pc for anyone for free , i love doing it lol   	do you live in canada by any chance ? 
how is screen tearing with sli these days ? i remember running sli back in the day with high frame rates caused some noticeable tearing . 	well , kinda depends on the refresh rate of your monitor , if you have a really high frame rate , and a low refresh rate , there will be tearing if you do n't turn on vsync 
do you live in canada by any chance ? 	canada ? i wish , oregon usa 
oh yes . i clean my pc too much . just installing an extra hard drive gives me a rush of satisfaction .  i should look for a pc building job . 	yeah i lost my job recently , i have been trying to find any system builder positions lol 
yup , zelda and sheik , toon link and link , work the same in every game . 	actually not , toon link does n't unlock zoro 's link costume in one piece super grand battle x : p 
redundancy on almost every piece of equipment , really . and it varies as cave diving and cavern diving are different as well . cave diving is much more strict and much more dangerous . 	oh , i was just thinking of more oxygen and better torches . haha , i had a mental picture of a diver with 3 or 4 tanks and a giant mag light 
inexperienced person here , what is the difference between open water diving equipment and cavern driving equipment ? 	redundancy on almost every piece of equipment , really . and it varies as cave diving and cavern diving are different as well . cave diving is much more strict and much more dangerous . 
a lot more than 1 person died down there if i 'm correct . 	yeah they did . the video is of someone dying while trying to retrieve the body of someone else who died iirc . crazy shit . 
hopefully getting a halfway decent camera this summer . will post pictures here when i go diving . hard to afford all the gear as a broke college kid hahaha 	hahaha posting diving pics to this sub , i 'm going to start too ! 
been cavern diving , the sign is almost asking for you to come in . it 's so enticing and cavern diving is such a different world , but lots of fun . 	inexperienced person here , what is the difference between open water diving equipment and cavern driving equipment ? 
just send me some pictures . i 'm good over here . 	hopefully getting a halfway decent camera this summer . will post pictures here when i go diving . hard to afford all the gear as a broke college kid hahaha 
by performing a blood sacrifice to the god of death , osiris , once a week . 	you must be exhausted . still it 's paying off , love your stuff ! 
personally i 'd make an au jus and reheat the tri - tip gently in the jus . i 'd recommend making beef dip sandwiches with some prepared horseradish . 	that sounds awesome , unfortunately i 'm trying to stay away from bread right now though . see comment below . 
i 'm going to assume you are replying to the wrong person , because that comment did not exactly make much sense in this context . how is it immaturity to call someone out on their bullshit ? 	read the thread again and piece it out .  you did n't call anyone out , as you were just as guilty of it . 
i can understand making a throne look like that because it looks badass and intimidating , but surely one would need a cushion after a while . 	i think the throne is supposed to be uncomfortable , to remind anyone that sits on the throne that it is n't a comfortable place to be . you have to deal with the entire kingdom from that chair . 
nah man , just some sweaty , buff , shirtless dudes working closely together . 	it always bothers me that when people draws people smithing while shirtless .  that shit is every bit as terrible as bikini chainmail . 
i love how real this conversation is , like how it feels like all of it is talking about real stuff . 	need a draconian protection act to help regulate how we interact with dragons under human care . 
read the thread again and piece it out .  you did n't call anyone out , as you were just as guilty of it . 	holy shit , are n't you delusional ? well you can stop trying to argue because it 's obvious you are wrong . 
too bad it is a lie . there are n't a thousand swords . there are n't even two hundred . i 've counted . 	that whole speech was great , a brilliant insight on littlefinger 's character and methods .  in an empire built on lies , the man who knows the truth can shatter kingdoms . 
man i had this game on the ps1 and i did n't have a memory card at the time so i had to play the beginning of this damn game more times than i can count . 	same situation , i managed to beat it in 1 sitting though somewhere around the 3rd or 4th time i played it 
sometimes i feel like i 'm the only person who played super mario sunshine and that makes me sad i think 	i loved that game with every fiber in my body . i 'm gonna play it when i get home , just for you . 
lol , come on , people usually guess i 'm 4 or 5 years younger than i am , they 're finally starting to think i 'm an adult do say that t me now ! : p 	wait til you 're in your 30 's . you would n't listen to a word 23 year old you says . 
23 is a kid . trust me . 	lol , come on , people usually guess i 'm 4 or 5 years younger than i am , they 're finally starting to think i 'm an adult do say that t me now ! : p 
hell yes , that game was awesome . another harry potter childhood game of mine was harry potter : quidditch world cup spent countless hours on that haha 	i could never win a match , but it was still fun . 
i dunno , i had plenty of funny moments . mostly following scary moments , but funny moments none the less . 	i assumed he asked about the humor of what i wrote . not my actual exp which is complex and not as simple as 20 words or less . 
i could n't fathom driving 170 on a public highway . i might drive a bit quick but i 'm not a racecar driver . 	i 've done it before it 's suprisingly easy 
yeah i agree . my point was really that flashing at people to pull over etc makes you a dick if they 're actually passing someone . they have as much right to pass them as you do . 	i agree with that . you 'd have to be a bit nuts to flash someone when they have no where to go . i would n't want to pick a fight , too ! 
if there 's nothing in the middle lane your dumb ass is in the wrong lane to begin with . 	yeah i agree . my point was really that flashing at people to pull over etc makes you a dick if they 're actually passing someone . they have as much right to pass them as you do . 
that 's still a stupidly reckless thing to do on public roads . 	public roads and traffic are a dynamic circumstance . pick your spots . there are many instances where insane speed is only a hazard to yourself , which i reckon was disregarded in this instance . 
is n't london to sheffield like a 3 hour drive or something ? 	not at 170 mph . if he did that speed the entire way it would be roughly an hour 
that was the best feature of the 928 , do n't know why it did n't catch on . 	the roast chicken holder ? 
it 's interesting how , to an american like me , a 3 hour drive between big cities is somewhat normal , but that 's like halfway across the entire country for an english bloke . 	its the old saying . 100 miles is a long distance in the uk , but 100 years is a long time for the usa . 
i 'd add that just because the speedometer is showing 170 mph , it does n't mean that 's what the car was actually doing . 	you must be fun at parties , eh ? 
stab a man . 	over food ? you ca n't just not expand on that shit dude haha . what happened ? 
i like clarkson aswell , but if there was video or even audio of the incident where he punched that guy in the face , the internet wouldnt be quite as fond of him ! 	i do n't think punching one guy in the face can instantly disqualify a man from the internet 's praise . 
this was a genuinely touching moment in that special . thanks for sharing . 	how do you resell a test car smelling of tears and roast chicken ? 
you 've seen hungry men do worse ? what have you seen that 's worse than physically attacking your employee in public over some cold meats ? i 'm looking forward to this . 	stab a man . 
ok 20 minutes was far fetched but i swear i could do it in little over 30 minutes . i drive there everyday . how can i make you believe me ? 	i mean what are you driving ? thirty minutes is more reasonable , but you 'd still need a lot of speed to maintain a high rate over that short distance on a two lane road . 
yeah i agree . my point was really that flashing at people to pull over etc makes you a dick if they 're actually passing someone . they have as much right to pass them as you do . 	as long as they 're actually passing and not just driving next to another car for 2 miles with nobody in front of them . 
i will miss him on the show , but they made the right call , you ca n't assault someone while working and not get fired for it . 	it happens every day . if the bbc had n't been covering up for pedophiles , clarkson would probably still have his job . 
i think you and most people commenting in this thread missing the point . try reading his title again . or anything , like a book , it might help you to understand basic sentences . 	the point is that he shared a personal and emotional thing with the audience , and some people appreciated that . 
if he did that speed the entire way he 'd have to phase directly through dozens of other cars in his way . 	if you used it too many times , it could be risky business and turn into a submarine . 
i think you 're kinda missing the point here 	i think you and most people commenting in this thread missing the point . try reading his title again . or anything , like a book , it might help you to understand basic sentences . 
that was the best feature of the 928 , do n't know why it did n't catch on . 	warm chicken . 
is n't london to sheffield like a 3 hour drive or something ? 	it 's interesting how , to an american like me , a 3 hour drive between big cities is somewhat normal , but that 's like halfway across the entire country for an english bloke . 
lol i do n't play bloodborne or any souls game without weed . i do n't know how you people do it . 	man idk how you do it . i would probably be terrible if i always played stoned 
was aaron curry lazy ? i always thought he just did n't have the skill to make it . 	i think curry was one of those guys that was always so much more physically talented than everyone else that he never really learned how to play his position . 
no matter what , dyson should n't be on a bust list . 	pacman jones not being an honorable mention is a travesty . i think he 's a worse pick than locker 
have you seen claiborne play ? plus we gave up more for claiborne to the 6th pick 	i 'd also say we got more from him . he had that one game winning pick early this year , which is more than carpenter ever did . 
ah yes . the terrible article says 18th for some reason , but i remember now . 	it really is a terribly written and researched article . 
was aaron curry lazy ? i always thought he just did n't have the skill to make it . 	i was thinking more of russell when i said the lazy part . 
seriously . he caught something like 30 tds . he was a solid te for a few years . no even close to a worst draft pick . i think we picked him at the end of the 1st too . 	he was drafted 14th . he was n't the best pick but he had a lot of red zone production and made 3 pro bowls . he does n't belong on a list of the worst picks forsure . 
people look at his name , see no pro bowls and assume he was mediocre for some reason . you do n't start for the 2000 ravens unless you 're awesome at football . 	seriously . starting corner for the greatest defense of all time and returned an int for a touchdown in a superbowl . 
grossman actually was less inclined to throw picks than cutler is . and he had a winning record against gb . 	which again had a lot to do with the defense . not like cutler has much support on that side at this point . 
a friend of ours also suggested oreo , which is very cute ! 	please , not another black and white pet named oreo . 
a delorean ca n't melt steel beams . 	but can the trails of fire it leaves ? 
at least sjw has something like a meaning , they can throw the cancer thing at anyone for pretty much any reason . 	at first i thought sjw just meant someone who was trying wayyy too hard , but had good intentions . 
ooh , i 'll definitely check it out in the morning ! any help is appreciated , really , wether it 's book or movie . c : 	it 's a fantastic movie that does a good job of telling a loop story , so you should be able to find something to help you in the story you 're working on . good luck . 
that 's fine , i do n't mind that . i just wanted to check there was n't some kind of progress saving mechanic i did n't know about . thanks 	great ! it 's all about unlocking shortcuts back to the lantern . you 'll get the hang of it ! 
it 's the last line of a really long poem by him that 's all about weed . i memorized it a while back for shits and giggles . 	now i gotta find the rest of that poem . should n't be too hard thanks to google 
i 'm pregnant . you 're the daddy . 	my dick had a hard attack . you 're a single mother . 
i once went down on a girl . i had a jolly rancher in my mouth . 	no you did n't you fucker , i know a guy who knows a guy who is that guy !  edit : a little aggresive , sorry i was n't jolly 
the best horror stories are based in truth . 	so what 's best story based in two ? 
i borrowed your card . check your bank balance . 	my card declines if it has no money in the account . unless you found a way to spend 13 cents i would n't be too surprised . 
i would be ok with the hawks winning round 1 only to be swept the next round by us . 	how about preds sweeping the hawks and us sweeping them again . it 's like sweeping the hawks without the risk of losing to them ! 
yup . 	thanks man , it is greatly appreciated ! 
no offense , but only a complete tool would get caught out by a scammer if you have 2 factor authentication enabled .  best solution for steam protection ? be less of a tool and be more cautious . 	well , you know that not the case with everyone on the internet . so you know there will be people who are tool 
a mortar squad cost 55 points , for 65 points you could have the wyvern which gets 4 twin linked mortar ignore cover shred shots . way better . 	hate the model .  and i play for fun most of the time so winning is n't a priority . 
why do we use a win - loss - tie instead of win - tie - loss that is used in the rest of the world ? 	how the league stats are run . mls same way . 
to be fair , that would be a really stupid idea even here in good ol germany . 	germany is a cultural splat after ww2 because you guys needed labour from the middle - east to rebuild after adolf sent the male population to die . 
god damnit arizona . 	we breed crazy out here in the desert . 
how can the habs be real if the puck is n't real 	the puck is the one truth . 
wow . that was rude . well i 'd like to add that all my classes are ap if that helps . 	that means precisely dick . 
are you still in high school ? 	no , i 'm at university now . 
um is the guy missing a leg ? 	i thought this too at first but he isnt . his legs are placed so that one is blocked . you can see his closer leg extending out of the picture while his other foot is just under the banner 
i di n't notice that even . poor guy . let 's be fair , he ca n't run away . 	hambeast ate the fucking leg ! 
i di n't notice that even . poor guy . let 's be fair , he ca n't run away . 	maybe she ate the leg ? 
um is the guy missing a leg ? 	i di n't notice that even . poor guy . let 's be fair , he ca n't run away . 
um is the guy missing a leg ? 	no , his left leg is just perfectly hidden behind his right leg . you can see his foot though . 
hmm , the youtube vid says 14 seconds but the post says 0 : 15 . i assure you it 's just 14 seconds , not sure why it 's saying 15 . 	when the mods see this they are going to ban the shit out of you bro . 
so basically swapping the power source for his crazy train . 	hahaha well thats one way to put it , but not really . he was never really a crazy religious person anyway 
oklahoma city bombing . 	definitely done by a crazy white christian guy , but i thought it was more anti - government than response - to - insults - towards - christians . 
canadian matt checking in . fan of the number one hated team in the nhl right now : the oilers ! 	american matt and my detroit redwings are probably not making it out of the first round . 
canadian matt checking in . fan of the number one hated team in the nhl right now : the oilers ! 	do n't hate me . where are the oilers at ? i can only think old school nfl houston and i know its not there . is it montreal ? 
you 're never going to get full value for kershaw . i 'd rather flip cueto or kluber for that big bat plus . 	what if i went cueto for posey to fill my weak spot at catcher ? 
what if i went cueto for posey to fill my weak spot at catcher ? 	that would work i think but i do n't know how much catchers are valued in your league . why not offer hamels ? 
how did u change the payment option ? 	just call 1800 my apple with your order number , no wait and instantly updates on the site . monitoring for change in status ! 
what is it with radio station facebook accounts and shitty memes ? what do they gain by , i 'm assuming , paying some service to post this shit on their behalf ? 	they want you to feel like you can relate to their hosts , as if they were your facebook friends posting shit . and this crap gets shared and liked to the nth degree , so it 's working for them . 
i want to print this out and frame it . 	i want to hang it up as a flag outside of my home , instead of my israeli one 
eh , i have a lot of practice . i draw a lot of wizards . 	embrace the love man , do n't push it away i 'll attempt to draw this in your name 
he sounds a bit ignorant . when you feel better you could research your illness together and he will quickly see it 's not a matter of will power . 	i 'll do that , thank you for the recommendation . hopefully he is willing to learn about it , because unfortunately this is part of me now . 
it 's not crap , it 's amazing , it 's all i use now . i only play hardcore though , so maybe thats why its sooo deadly for me . 	i do n't have it yet , but it sounds like a fun place to use it . 
is this game big in korea and japan ? i notice a fair number of asian players in the wee hours of the morning . 	well there must be . there 's a dog - tag about it . 
lol seriously ? the usa will destroy canada in a war . 	until every other country in the world backs up canada . 
as a canadian , i 'm on canada 's side . how ever , america would kick our ass . the american people are the biggest army judging that every house hold has at least one gun . 	as a canadian living in america this is true . 
as a canadian living in america this is true . 	as a canadian living in canada i 'd hide 
as a canadian living in canada i 'd hide 	i would wait them out till winter . 
so whoever has better military advisors is what you would say ? 	that , and a bunch of other factors such as whose terrain the war is on and all of that . 
there 's is a reason the white house is white . 	yes .  white paint is cheaper . 
it 's not my type of game sadly . i prefer rpg and not turn based or what not . 	totally respectable . they try to have games that appeal to everyone , and imo , they do a great job of doing that . 
conquest is fantastic ! definitely the best pokemon spin - off , possibly the best anything spin - off . 	it looks pretty great ! 
sure , but you always have more than one farm in one spot so the lag stacks . 	but by that logic you should n't have animal farms either . since there will be multiple animal farms which are all a lot more laggy than this one . 
they seem to be having trouble today . just give it time - mine finished eventually . 	how long did it take you ? i mean , i do n't mind waiting if it 'll fix itself over time but it 's not appearing in my lists of videos which is slightly discouraging . 
but imagine a black kid looking in a history book now and seeing that , then seeing on the news everyday that another unarmed black man was killed by police . 	so by that logic , all living germans and people of german descent are nazis and should still be feared and regarded as such ? 
so by that logic , all living germans and people of german descent are nazis and should still be feared and regarded as such ? 	no pretty much every one that supported that way of thinking was sought out and either killed or forced to go into hiding . 
all the white people you 're calling racist were n't even born yet when this quote took place . so i 'd say that 's a very unfair assessment . 	but imagine a black kid looking in a history book now and seeing that , then seeing on the news everyday that another unarmed black man was killed by police . 
but imagine a black kid looking in a history book now and seeing that , then seeing on the news everyday that another unarmed black man was killed by police . 	you 're right . i 'm pretty sure that most police officers have a burning desire to kill black men in the name of abraham lincoln . 
we should do that , the award a doge pizza party . 	who is going iron out the details ? have you been to the facebook page ? 
geez , that 's like 300 km from my hometown . interesting stuff . might even join it , nothing better to do . 	dude , you 're close ! 
he 's not . it was a job he found in the paper , he 'd worked maybe like 4 or so shifts so far . 	you cant find the job listing in the paper ? 
i live in this area - if you post a pic i will keep an eye open as well . 	i 'll post a picture as soon as my mom gets home with her laptop that has pictures of him . 
well would the police not tell us he 's in jail since we filed a report ? 	good point and yes , but they did not in our case . 
budget is key .  also full frame or aps - c is a big question too . 	my budget is 1000 - 1200 for the body . 
do i text him that randomly or do i say it to him when im tipsy tonight at a party or should i wait until he tries to booty call me ? yeah i deserve a return . 	i would draw the line in the sand now ! 
embrace it . every nintendo release going forward will likely feature amiibo support , as they have since their launch . 	just hope it continues to be able extra stuff . 
lannister mines are empty in the show . not that the family is n't in major trouble already . but no heirs and no money ? 	pretty sure grrm mentioned that lannister mines were still producing gold in the books , so at least they do n't have to worry about that . 
i think we discussed him at one point but it was a straight up asking him how it was working with him . 	anyways , nice job ! this was pretty great . 
i ca n't watch this til the semester is over , but did you get to ask about bill callahan ? 	i think we discussed him at one point but it was a straight up asking him how it was working with him . 
i 'm not crying , there 's just something in my eye 	cat hair ? 
oh please boo in my place . rooting all the way from mexico . i lived in memphis a while back . 	glad you are part of the grizz family man ! 
150 , 30 , 30 , 150 .  you can steal 2nd and 3rd , but good luck getting a base hit or scoring on a single from 2nd or 3rd . 	this is so bizarre to think about . your outfield is what , 50 feet wide at the edge of the infield ? 
true . that , and speculating on how that could unnecessarily extend game time , has brought on an amendment : dance breaks during pitching changes and play reviews . 	how about if you want to challenge a call the entire team must dance throughout the entire review . if anybody stops dancing for a second , your team loses the review . 
how could you enforce no intentional walks ? 	just make it any four - pitch walk and the runner gets two bases instead of one . would eliminate some semi - intentional walks too . 
the government will never invite him to be a warlord , he declared war on them and invaded 2 of their islands . plus he 's a d but they invited ace so idk about that one 	law and blackbeard have both been warlords and are both d 's 
kind of a weird thing to notice , but your address is nowhere on your website . 	good lookin out . it 's listed on our about page now . 
i give them a week before the little shits who go to shows there destroy the bathrooms . 	unfortunate but true . we will be diligent in trying to stop vandalism but there 's only so much we can do . 
so do n't play that class ? 	of course they wo n't . but developers should n't leave the class in the dust if it 's not fun to play because it 's too weak ! 
only problem is it 's one of those decks that has very little counter play , which makes it rough to buff 	the counter play is basically to be faster than it , which is n't hard . 
i think op is sexist and does n't think women can be engineers 	everyone knows novice engineer majored in gender studies and only got the engineering job because of threat of lawsuit ! 
they do n't patch cards but they do what are essentially updates . they print new cards that are the same as the old ones but with a slight change . 	is n't an update a patch ? you patch something when something is broken or is n't operating as intended . 
i think op is sexist and does n't think women can be engineers 	like if you are strong engineer who need no man in their lives . 
why would you play diablo 3 over diablo 2 ? 	because it 's a better game 
plus , it 'll justify people adding mass dispel into priest desks ! double whammy of meta shift . 	as if priest needed another tool to shit all over shaman . 
league is no where near balanced when it comes to heroes , some are staple power houses , some see nearly 0 play , ca n't speak much of dota as i have n't played it in like 4 years 	i miss beta when there was a shitty meta where i could duo lane with fucking rammus . and win . 
would love to see them totally change pyro blast into something else . 10 mana for 10 damage is terrible value , give us something cool to work with . 	when it was 8 mana , there were 2 in almost every mage deck . 
diablo 3 had a rough launch , but i 'd say by the release of reaper they 'd done a pretty good job at polishing that game . 	yeah it 's pretty well polished right now .  still really dull with no incentive to roll a new character of the same class , but it 's polished . 
mage has most definitely not always been top tier . it struggled between when they nerfed freeze and introduced mechs , which is like half the lifespan of hearthstone if not more . 	mechs even fell out of favor recently , and the current mage deck is completely different . a new deck is refreshing , regardless of whether the class already has popular decks . 
could mind control go to 9 or even 8 mana ? 	yes . because how do we make all people play aggro ? we tell them that control is shit , because mc is 8 mana now . 
league is no where near balanced when it comes to heroes , some are staple power houses , some see nearly 0 play , ca n't speak much of dota as i have n't played it in like 4 years 	i think that riot shouldnt balance the game so every champ is playable , but perfect imbalance it . this way you get some counter meta strategy . 
i agree with everything except mind control . it is an extremely good card against control decks that are running out of steam . 	in other words , it 's good in very unlikely scenarios and completely dead almost always 
i think op is sexist and does n't think women can be engineers 	i think op is an engineer and has looked around their workplace once or twice . 
well , except pokemon , since it 's so easy to get . 	i remember the days of playing the original pokemon tcg and having multiple professor oaks . discard hand , draw 7 for free ! 
read hots as heart of the swarm and was really confused . seriously blizzard , why do you do this to yourself ? 	also this . i still get confused when my friends ask me to play hots 
what about leeroy back to 4 mana ? 	and get back to 3 card combo 20 dmg ? 
between kezan and nefarian , every class has secrets now . 	shhhhh ! that 's a secret . 
i find it hard to pass up an opportunity to shit on diablo 3 . 	why would you shit on a good game ? 
pretty sure that 's why they do n't want to nerf stuff anymore . i honestly do n't think miracle rogue would be insane anymore either . 	miracle is more powerful than oil , so miracle would still be top dog . would n't have as big of a power gap as before though thats for sure . 
would the healing totem even affect mech shaman ? i do n't think so , but it would help the midrange shaman . 	technically it would help any shaman to at least some degree . having a few extra hp on your hero can mean the difference between a win and a loss . 
why would you shit on a good game ? 	why would you play diablo 3 over diablo 2 ? 
i think op is sexist and does n't think women can be engineers 	maybe novice engineer identifies as a man ? who are we to say op is wrong ? 
because a weak class is n't fun for most people ?  some people might like a challenge playing a shit class , but the majority wo n't . 	so do n't play that class ? 
one reason why mtg will always be more fun to me . the power creep is n't as obvious and fast . even occasionally the bad set with a low power ceiling to even things out . 	also in mtg they add unique effects and new mechanics , making the power creep less direct . 
breaking bad was fantastic . also , the office . i cried watching both !   	yea both are great examples ! 
i really dont get why a ukrainian would ever be a nazi considering what hitler thought of them all . she is supporting an ideology that wanted to exterminate her it is crazy . 	fascism , and nazism , can apply to peoples of any nation . with that said , fascists are n't the most clear thinking bunch to start with . 
i like deaf grapes but that cover is pretty shitty . 	i thought the cover was total shit too when i first saw it but for some reason it 's grown on me and now i really like it 
you have a masters , but sound like a teenage kid . interesting . 	it seems like op had a bad case of helicopter parents , so she just may not have had the chance to mature as much . 
fuck you you narcissistic cunt . and as for father , you are an idiot and i am ashamed to be your son . 	switch the parents , and you describe mine perfectly . 
wow i am so surprised you had said that . that 's been my dream for a while ! i really just want to solo travel and explore and find myself . 	then make it a reality ! i 'm only 18 and doing what i love and enjoy the most . 
i feel the same way about that too . i 'm living in japan at the moment and no part of me wants to have children or get married .  traveling is definitely an experience i want to do on my own . 	wow i am so surprised you had said that . that 's been my dream for a while ! i really just want to solo travel and explore and find myself . 
i wonder if that 's 40 million for the primary , or 40 million for the whole election cycle if he becomes the nominee . 	well if he wins the primary finding money for the general should be easier . 
his campaign has said before that they need about 50 million to run a good campaign . 	i wonder if that 's 40 million for the primary , or 40 million for the whole election cycle if he becomes the nominee . 
the smaller ones will become part of the larger , and make it even bigger . just like when binary stars get to close to one another , the larger one pulls mass off of the smaller 	in addition , it has been theorized that we may be able to detect the gravitational waves resulting from this event ! 
god damn it i just bought a black one last week . 	i doubt it 's even being produced if you just ordered it last week . email them and see if you can change the color . 
yeah , i tried okcupid and plenty of fish , with no luck . i think maybe one woman actually responded to a message but then i never heard back . 	i met my wife on okc . 
unreal tournament provides full source code for the game as well . 	ut is made in collaboration with the community and free . its not fully made by paid developers and opened up . 
well , one thing is turning one game into another completely different , and other is doing a dildo screwdriver for an space engineer simulator , and charge you for it . 	hey buddy . you missed the circle jerk , it left the subreddit a week or two ago . 
if tiger forces are eliminated by the end of the year that will be a huge blow to the regime , both strategically and in terms of morale . 	they just have to drain enough of their competent officers and troops and it can keep its name but it will be just another part of the saa . 
it 's not a clickbait site , so let them have the traffic . 	but for those behind a work firewall that blocks aeg website , i say thank you ! 
that might be the only thing that 's more dated than sharknado references when this set finally comes out in spring 2016 . 	street sharks is old enough to be retro not dated right ? 
wow . exactly the four i did n't vote for . i 'm sure it will still be cool , but slightly disappointing for me , knowing what could have been . ah well . 	same here . very suprised cowboys didnt win . 
i have a gold rose you can have - do n't worry about the bells . 	hey thanks for that ! did n't get a chance to say so in game . 
i know that grampa once got his chewing gum stuck in grandma 's pussy bush . i will hopefully never have to be in the room with them when that gets brought up . 	how exactly did you find this out ? 
huh , that 's good to hear . did you play the psp version with the english translation ? if so , how is the process of hacking that in ? 	actually i have no idea . i just downloaded a pre - patched version because every time i tried the patching tool it kept failing for some unknown reason . 
this is the ps3 game now on pc right ? 	yep . also was on psp . 
how do you feel about emulation ? you could easily emulate it since it 's a psp game , but i would prefer if they gave it a slight graphical update with a pc port . 	it 's actually a ps3 game . 
alright ! hell ya , sounds good ! i can meet you there . let 's plan a time tomorrow , i 'm actually about to go around town right now 	well my afternoon plans bailed , and i 'm hitting up dom river rock , so maybe 3 - fish ? i 'll see what time hollywood closes 
tough choice between having a friend in sansa and still having hands and feet . 	this is the correct answer . 
i 'll just watch the door . that 's all i 'll do . 	watch out for that empty glass left on your desk chair . 
nope nope nope not going to click this . keep saying this is all made up . next 	yep . i 'll watch a lot of horrible shit , but one look in that dog 's eyes and i knew clicking play was not an option . 
a world where he raised taxes on the rich . 	also , he 's not running for office again he does n't need their money for fundraising . 
having a fair distribution is n't socialism . 	it was my understanding that socialism is the idea of fair distribution among all citizens regardless of social standings or type of job held . is this not correct ? 
the bounty has gone to those fortunate to have money to invest and time to wait . 	everyone except the very poor have money to invest . everyone who cares about the future has the time to wait .  this has nothing to do with opportunity and everything to do with choice . 
are you really claiming that a trade bill is going to cause a hollywood like dystopian future ?  that 's a bit extreme . 	did n't you see the star wars prequels - those trade bills cause bad shit : p 
the pie got bigger , and our middle class slice grew smaller in scale instead of at least staying the same . 	in scale of the whole pie , but since 1970s middle class grew at a same pace as upper class percentage wise .  if middle class would have a bigger slice of the pie , then its simply socialism . 
really ? because that statement there is nearly a 180 to what most say . people generally advise to stick with a main , learn him in and out before seeing if the skills transfer . 	i advise playing random until you are comfortable with every character 's moveset and then pick a main . the initial game knowledge granted by this is undeniably useful always 
play luigi . smash 4 is conversions : the game and luigi will teach you how to convert like a champ . 	i 'm okay with this . he 's one of the characters i 'd play regardless of tier or suggestion . tall mario is best mario . 
after that data mining revelation a while back , chances are you 'll be able to actually play ryu in smash a year or so from now . 	so i should reinstall sf4 ultra ? cool . i 'll see you guys at apex 2017 . 
haha . who 's to blame when a problem ensues from a product allowing you to accidentally do something it had n't accounted for ? 	i have yet to see any of these examples be an accident . 
was this revenge for not being invited to said bar ? 	nope . just plain being a dick on my part . he thought it was great . 
could have at least pretended like it was this comment that did it for you . look at all that effort . 	well the real issue is , does the girlfriend ever disable block this user . 
and for the record this was approximately nine thousand individual text messages . the character limit is something like 160 i think so this was actually closer to 1 , 440 , 000 angry emojis . 	hopefully you were n't charged by your carrier . hopefully . 
no , it 's time to clean the terminal . 	baking soda and water cleared most of it up . i need to pick up a new wire brush and will get the rest later . thanks ! 
does n't drop til 6pm supposedly . have n't found an article to back that up though 	yeah it is 6pm . ps3 version is up though so looks like a waiting game for ps4 version . 
wow ! assuming that she is n't on any meds , i admire the amount of courage this lady had dancing out there like nobody was watching . 	old people often just do n't give a shit . 
do n't snitches stop working if you 've been away from them for longer than 11 days or something ? so they probably would n't have worked anyways .  sorry to hear about that though . 	most likely . it 's been too long anyways . 
where did you store your stuff ? 	a bunker near the lake in nexus . 
you are opposite of me , i like hearing more of the video and very little of the music 	well it depends on the situation . like on my last video the only real sound was gunfire and i was going for more an hk army style video 
that 's an interesting batman . do n't know much about the new 52 so had to google to see why he was wearing this purple gloves again . 	yeah he 's from the zero year story arc . kind of like a light apocalyptic setting . more of a militarized batman as far as the outfit goes . 
i 'm still salty about okc shitting the bed at the end of the season . 	but i 'm also happy with them not making the playoffs 
that 's a lot more than five . 	haha shit meant the date i took the photo not the amount i have . i should have thought about that before i posted it . 
ikr , i always ate them outside the bath where i could at least use a plate . : p 	my favorite was to eat is corn dog style . everything is better on a stick . 
lol get stoned and work with people 's finances lol 	yeah i would have to talk to a lot of people each day , and i 'd secretly be high af and no one had a clue . lol 
well i have worked at a fast food place , an auto parts store , and a bank . the bank , i would get high before work . lol 	lol get stoned and work with people 's finances lol 
i 'll assume you guys are working in the food service industry . 	well i have worked at a fast food place , an auto parts store , and a bank . the bank , i would get high before work . lol 
how can you have so mush ? 	it 's a server , mate . 
the school i currently attend uses an open source stack with support for both windows and linux clients and it works just fine . 	i didnt claim it doesnt work . 
can we uninstall the apps , or are they like part of the os ?  ok guys , i mean the default metro apps . they do n't show up in the program manager . 	ever since the dawn of personal computing you could uninstall apps . did you seriously not know this ? just open the control panel and select programs and features . 
would a server just managing things like group policy need this much power though ? 	no . typically , a server like this one is used to host multiple vms and it 's resources are divided up as needed . 
and plenty run windows . you 're acting like it 's unheard of . 	plenty ? especially after the monumental fuckup of windows 8 server edition , anything other than red hat is unheard of in my circles . 
yeah it probably preloaded half the apps installed on the machine . 	can we uninstall the apps , or are they like part of the os ?  ok guys , i mean the default metro apps . they do n't show up in the program manager . 
xeon processor means server right ? 	or a high end workstation that needs a lot of cores . 
pretty sure evga classified sr - 2 have two sockets .  and lol , its an old xeon , look at how cheap it is are on ebay 	still , this is a server , not a gaming rig . nobody would spend that much money on a rig that would actually perform worse for gaming . 
ever since the dawn of personal computing you could uninstall apps . did you seriously not know this ? just open the control panel and select programs and features . 	my brother did n't believe me when i told him ie technically is n't installer on my computer 
i just hate how they changed their bookmark manager . i want a list not a kid friendly picture diagram 	they got rid of tabs on mobile . you have to use the app manager to see other tabs . you know what browser on mobile still has tabs ? firefox . 
what is this used for ? server ? workstation ? if it 's a server , why is it running a desktop version of windows ? 	i assume server versions of windows also have task manager . 
no , that 's for cousins 	cousin ! it is your cousin ! 
if you are doing anything iis , and coding your apps in . net you 'll be using windows servers . 	microsoft recently open sourced . net and is porting it to linux so maybe that will change 
no , that 's for cousins 	cousin ! it is your cousin ! 
care to explain how i could make ftb run on 2 . 5 gb ? 	there 's a slider in the ftb launcher options tab . 
would a server just managing things like group policy need this much power though ? 	god no . but i was just answering your question on why windows server can be good to use . 
would it have anything to do with the local fiber provider running fiber literally through my front yard ? that 's about the time all this started . 	no whether or not you have a line in your yard does not dictate what it shows on your bill . 
why do people flip out about teaching of other cultures ? it 's essential for living , so you do n't walk outside and see a guy with a towel wrapped around his head and start freaking out .   	why would you freak out at a guy wearing a towel on his head .  maybe he just washed his hair . 
the president that states that corporations have rights the same as a person . 	precedent is a term referring to something that has been done in the past , typically used in court cases .  president is the highest elected position in the united states government . 
precedent is a term referring to something that has been done in the past , typically used in court cases .  president is the highest elected position in the united states government . 	i knew i was getting that wrong , i also knew someone would correct me . thank you for the negative reinforcement . 
which president set the precedent ? i 'm so confused ! 	the president that states that corporations have rights the same as a person . 
did it scent up the yard at all ? 	not that i can remember no , you had to get up real close to smell them 
did it scent up the yard at all ? 	to answer the question i think youre asking , yes , budding plants especially will reek , i once stumbled upon a grow in the woods merely by following the smell . 
depends on the pizza . italian style pizza with a not too big diameter is a reasonable meal for one . a whole pizza hut one is not 	where i live , most frozen pizzas for example have 600 - 800 kcal and a thin crust . still a big meal but definitely doable in two hours . 
a small pizza is like four average slices . stop being food haters 	even if we assume it refers to a 4 slice personal pizza it is still definitively not food hate . it 's junk food hate . 
where i live , most frozen pizzas for example have 600 - 800 kcal and a thin crust . still a big meal but definitely doable in two hours . 	this is weird to me , pizzas i eat are usually around 900 calories and i finish those within 20 - 30 minutes . 
an entire fucking pizza in two hours ?  i think i may have done this as a teenager while very stoned .  i threw up a lot that night . 	in germany it 's normal to eat a pizza , how big are your pizzas ? 26 cm ? cause that 's really not that much . 
no popcorn . we 're serving bread crumbs . 	oh well , still goes with butter and coke ! 
qatar welcomes it 's new middle eastern neighbor ! would your nation accept an offer of a free trade agreement from ours ? 	yes , i agree with no doubt . 
it 's been pretty bad for everyone ever since the flood gates were opened with open beta . just give it some time to settle . 	yeah , i 'll take a break for a bit . maybe 'll that 'll do some good . 
holy shit that 's brilliant . have n't tested it but i 'll give it a shot . feels cheap but hey , since when is conquering the world fair ? 	well , it 's hardly like the colonization of africa was fair . if anything , conquering your fellow europeans is the righteous course of action . 
i 'm not afraid of killing myself , i am worried about ruining my mom 's car or hitting something . i just feel like i am wasting my mom 's time because i 'm not learning quick enough 	is this your first time trying ? if so , no time has been wasted . learning how to drive is not a process you should rush . take your sweet time . your mom should understand this . 
how much money have i spent on games ? like in my entire life ? lord i ca n't even begin to estimate i started buying games over 15 years ago 	yeah . gaming since atari , granted all the early stuff was bought for me the total has to be pretty impressive . 
i saw a thread about this earlier . you 're actually somewhat right ; the badge is brighter if you won the last game you played . 	that 's a theory , do n't say it like it 's true . 
have you considered making a youtube show out of this ? 	i could give it a try ! i 'd need someone to talk me through how to do it : what programs to use , etc . 
it 'll have to rain on chambers a lot for rory to contend at the us . he does n't win or play well on dry , windy courses 	we 'll see . if rory is on his game i do n't think it really matters what the course is like . saying he will need help from the weather to hope to contend is kind of silly . 
nine - stroke win at us open confirmed .  seriously though , it 's too bad he had a round like this when he 's hosting the tournament . at least he 's being gracious about it . 	it 'll have to rain on chambers a lot for rory to contend at the us . he does n't win or play well on dry , windy courses 
wow i did n't notice . it 's the lighting washed out the color . ill retake photos 	is the lighting really washing them out that much or are you confused between coyote brown and olive drab ? 
those look tan , not od green . or am i missing something ? 	wow i did n't notice . it 's the lighting washed out the color . ill retake photos 
upvoted simply because of the first sentence . 	i 've said that sentence every day of my life since i was four . never give up that dream . 
fox news makes me depressed no matter what i 'm on . 	the news is basically a guy saying good evening then coming with a bunch of reasons why it 's not 
potentially very stupid question , but i 'm level 8 and have no idea what focus or focus abilities are . what am i missing ? 	after a major story event that occurs in haven , you will get access to focus abilities . it is n't level dependent . 
thank you . i have read through that post before . there is so much stuff out there you have to decide how to spend your time wisely and where . 	the book he recommends , harmonic trading : volume one , was also very insightful . 
looks like i found the lions fan ! 	lol no . i 'm in atl and should be a falcons fan , but since they suck i go for cincinnati because they have seven players from my college team . 
his trade ratio is way off in my opinion . rosalina is n't the same rarity as a us villager . 	this is also true , but still better than 50 bucks a pop . 
gg to the best buy workers .  and i 'm just glad this guy is n't trying to flip them for 50 bucks or something . 	his trade ratio is way off in my opinion . rosalina is n't the same rarity as a us villager . 
this is cool . any other similar bands ? 	i actually trying to find some more right now . 
only human reds can make constructs i believe . red ring would give hulk flight , energy blasts and plasma puke . 	i thought world war hulk would be the greatest red ring user because he 's at his peak rage and very intelligent .  so he has the focus and rage to make constructs . 
i 'm ok with women 's tournaments as long as one is able to host men only - tournament without a backlash . 	well we seen how that went with that tournament like last summer that had a bunch of different events that were gender specific . 
i 'm ok with women 's tournaments as long as one is able to host men only - tournament without a backlash . 	men dominate nearly every game 's playerbase already . they 're not trying to attract more guys to the scene . having an all girls tournament is n't a bad thing at all . 
just the weekly graphene breakthrough , move along . 	who is gonna make the coming out of the lab joke this week ? its not my turn yet . 
yep : d  unless you want to do this through gts ? : o 	nope that 's alright i 'm adding you ! 
where are you starting your trip ? 	road trip in the us and then off to guatemala for spanish school . 
no input on the subject , sorry . just curious , when do you leave and where are you going ? 	no prob . feb 15 flying into bangkok to visit some friends i went to high school with . 
love the idea of someone calling out others for bad posting when they 're a blatant spammer themself . check out op 's submission history . years of self promotion . 	i think there 's a bit of a difference between self promotion and blatantly being to lazy to do your own homework .   
love the idea of someone calling out others for bad posting when they 're a blatant spammer themself . check out op 's submission history . years of self promotion . 	there 's nothing wrong with posting content you 've created if it makes sense for the subreddit you 're posting to . that includes blog posts . 
love the idea of someone calling out others for bad posting when they 're a blatant spammer themself . check out op 's submission history . years of self promotion . 	most of the best content creators on the internet do some kind of self - promotion at some point . get off your high - horse about it . 
love the idea of someone calling out others for bad posting when they 're a blatant spammer themself . check out op 's submission history . years of self promotion . 	lol . totally didnt notice that till you pointed it out . yes , i agree . this is a stupid post . 
eu countries not eligible . only uk . 	yeah , that 's not true . amazon germany is having the same promo , so is amazon . com 
in x - wing alliance pilots frequently eject and a face mask is applied to seal their suits and they essentially float around in zero g waiting to be picked up . 	i didnt know that . but how is floating next to the death star going to work when it explodes ? 
what was the plan after ejecting ? die in the vacuum of space ? 	in x - wing alliance pilots frequently eject and a face mask is applied to seal their suits and they essentially float around in zero g waiting to be picked up . 
red october standing by . 	big red , standing by . 
nothing 's too bad about the commentary but why the fuck would you play it over the arena pa ? 	especially these days , just throw out an app for people there that actually want to hear kenny smith make an ass out of himself . an entire arena should n't be subjected to that shit . 
and have the autos and delhi have started using meters ? 	ya they apparently raised the prices , the last month i went everyone was going by the meter . 
according to the mainstream parties and their rent extracting cronies , water is a privilege you have to pay for . at this rate , the next thing you will pay for is air . 	you get water free but when it is processed it costs . go to villages , you have free water . 
i thought the goal should have been to make a better mother fucking website ? 	go home troll ! 
rent is fucking expensive . 	for real . i 've been looking at northern california rent too lately and jesus it 's expensive every where unless you want to live in the bum fuck middle of nowhere towns . 
nyc .  what is car 	queens .  fuck public transportation . 
london here . owning a car is n't thought of as being essential - it 's thought of as being weird . 	absolutely . whenever i see people driving personal cars through central , i just wonder why on earth they 'd want to do that . 
i 'm pretty sure southern california was built with the sole purpose of getting as many people to drive as possible 	i bicycle to work in southern california , but that 's only because i managed to live close enough . everything else i do has to be by car . 
i 'd have to argue that ffxi did n't do a great job with smn either . in my experience , they were mostly healers with some unique buff abilities . 	well , smn burn parties were pretty epic . outside that , i agree . 
but they already had an exception process in place . 	except now the exception no longer a case by case basis . it 's a standard rule . 
i 'm curious , is that just a fantasy or do you actually want it to happen ? 	i would like it for real . 
i have long dreamed of being raped . for real . by strangers . 	i 'm curious , is that just a fantasy or do you actually want it to happen ? 
take into consideration of how much more work intensive things will be without the usage of metals . sure , things can be done without metal but the effort to do it would be greater . 	yes , but imagine how different things would look and feel . 
not much of a contribution here , but if there are volcanoes in this world , then obsidian would be a viable candidate for tool making , as far anything with blades goes . 	exotic forms of glass , which i guess obsidian is , but i mean man made . 
oil change was no more than 30 bucks . brand new brakes for 800 . 	brake pads or drum brakes ? 
glad to hear it ! i 'm snagging a batch tonight 	nice ! happy rolling ! 
ugh i had a facebook friend who did this constantly and always got a ton of likes and comments but i did n't know him well enough to call him out on it . 	i posted something one time that i saw on reddit and someone called me out on it . i 've seen this guy post multiple things from reddit , so ever since then , i 've called him out everytime 
ugh i had a facebook friend who did this constantly and always got a ton of likes and comments but i did n't know him well enough to call him out on it . 	i 'm in the same boat . and he steals text posts from tumblr too . so annoying ! 
she said no to the date , but yes to hanging out . 	yep , so ive been friend zoned 
great take , i really like that you returned to that original lick throughout the track and used it as a springboard to branch out from ! 	thanks . yes , that helped me keep up the energy of the track and broke it up into smaller sections to improvise over . 
it 's a long , fast track . i had many attempts at this but most ended in horrendous bum notes and missing the beat .  this was one of the first attempts - when i was fresh to the task . 	great take , i really like that you returned to that original lick throughout the track and used it as a springboard to branch out from ! 
you have to post a link to your steam account when requesting games . also your profile status must be set to public 	thanks for trying to let op know .  he actually does n't meet comment karma requirements , so it 's a moot point , but you were correct that he needed to link his steam profile too . 
you have to post a link to your steam account when requesting games . also your profile status must be set to public 	i checked , as long as its humble bundle codes i do n't have to put my steam profile . because usually people just pm the code . 
they could easily do the carl eye incident . no cgi needed unless he 's showing the injury . the rest of the time it can remain covered with an eyepatch , bandana , whatever . 	considering it blows the side of his face off , i 'd say it will involve cgi . 
considering it blows the side of his face off , i 'd say it will involve cgi . 	yeah but i 've seen pictures of carl after he 's shot that show it 's just his eye that is missing , the other side of his face is scarred but not missing . 
glenn was by far the favorite in the comics , which is why kirkman killed him off , so since daryl is the favorite in the show , they might decide to kill him instead . 	a show is different from a comic , we all know that . what your saying is correct and i see where your coming from , but killing off daryl would be bad for the show 
is it true that the drug usage for pizza delivery drivers is quite high ? 	most driver are teenagers . so probably . about half of drivers i work with have tried it but not many smoke it consistently . 
yeah , me too . 15 years later , it 's pretty much the only thing that happened on december 31 , 1999 that still has any lasting relevance . 	should i have said something like late 90s at new year 's ? 
have you ever been offered a tip other than money or weed ? 	i was offered cigars . right before new year 's so i took them , along with his business card - he sold cigars . 
i have a gtx 970 evga sc acx 2 . 0 i 'm considering on selling . pm me 	thanks for the offer , but i 've already found someone selling the exact card i want 
it 's like they gave their app to someone who barely speaks english . or to someone who just does n't care . 	nbc does not give a single fuck about the pacific or central division if your team is n't called the blackhawks . 
game of clones ?   	it 's omar from the wire . i ca n't in good conscience make a pun out of that title . hell , the title kinda fits vaping anyway . 
you come at the king , you best not miss . 	game of clones ?   
and still got a review in the end . 	it kind of brothers me that they 're in the same video . like what if someone is looking at mutation x v3 reviews after this gas all blown over ? 
i unsubbed from both of them . i do n't like drama and seeing the shitstorm on youtube and reddit was a bit much . 	honest question . what part did rip play in the drama that made you unsubscribe ? 
let 's not go that for . he 's a great reviewer and a great entertainer . he just fucked up . 	he did n't just fuck up he showed he 's a giant dickbag who throws people under the bus with no remorse and then trolls on reddit when people do n't go along with his shit 
can anybody summarize what rip said ? on mobile right now and i do n't want to waste my precious data on a youtube video . 	he said he has never requested . he has never accepted . he has never expected . money or equity shares for a review . the allegations are baseless . 
damn . it took him like two minutes to put it to bed . well said , rip . 	and still got a review in the end . 
he said he has never requested . he has never accepted . he has never expected . money or equity shares for a review . the allegations are baseless . 	he said that about hardware . which he 's pretty much been doing up to now . if he makes a deal to promote an app and gets equity out of it , more power to him . 
yea , and then you miss one roll and he takes off half your hp , lol 	go big or go home . 
i do n't know why , but i love this car . it 's so different than any other . it 's magnificent . 	it handles like a fucking boat . 
oh ! perfect ! i called them and spoke to someone who thinks he 'll be able to find me somewhere to stay within their community : d . this might actually work ! thank you so much ! 	best of luck to you and welcome to orange county ! 
i would guess that for a small nation and a small carrier , most flight ops would be helicopters . 	that still does n't answer my question . 
yes , it does . helicopters ca n't take off , land , or be stored on the ramp . therefore , the space is wasted . 	they still need to launch fixed - wing aircraft , and nobody parks on the end of the ship anyway . 
that does n't answer my question . 	i would guess that for a small nation and a small carrier , most flight ops would be helicopters . 
did the pigs have a warrant ? did they have probable cause ? evidence ? anything at all ? 	i 'd say the dead body found in the area is evidence enough . 
a dead body was found . this is not a human rights issue . 	as tragic as that may be , it 's still no excuse for any disregard of human rights . we should n't waive our rights everytime a person dies . it 's how militant dictatorships begin . 
maybe they sat down ? people lose track of me when i sit down . 	note to self : avoid chairs 
17 year olds had cell phones 12 years ago ?  i can see that in recent years , but not 12 . 	12 years ago i was 16 and i had a cell phone . i think i got my first one in 2000 , that 's when they became cheap enough for teenagers . 
is that not how you deal with children ? 	of course not ! you need to shoot a leg first to show how serious you are ! 
so are some girlfriends . 	no , if they 're just cunts then they 're just a fuck buddy , not a girlfriend . 
why do people here always assume anything slightly out of the ordinary is a lie ? i mean this a completely possible thing that could happen . 	because he said it was on the news .    there should easily be a video or a link to the webpage of the news station . 
did you read the same post and comments ? he was fired on his first day of work . it 's not hard to imagine that he was n't that valuable to the company yet . 	still the same other stuff counts . and who the hell gets fired after one mistake 
i call bullshit . 	what 's her number ? 
these comments are a lot nicer than i thought they would be . 	there was a time on this site where you did n't expect negative comments . on something like this it 's sad that we anticipate anything less than pleasant commentary . 
no shit , it was a joke . 	yeah , so was mine ! let 's keep doing this ! 
i do agree , but to not give him a chance to even explain is pretty harsh . 	i bet he 'd heard so many lame excuses that he figured he did n't want to hear another one . i 'd say it 's a little harsh . 
why did n't you just call him ? 	12 years ago ? at 17 ? i did n't have a cell , and he probably would n't have been able to call until the hospital . by then , might as well just get to work . 
and where do you get this info ? i was a teenager 12 years ago and i do n't remember anyone my age having a cell phone .   	i was op 's age 12 years ago , and everyone i knew had cellphones . in the news , ads , etc . cell phones were everywhere . 
those are the types of managers that cause high turnover and bad productivity . 	and get beat up in the parking lot by a bunch of employees wearing masks . 
12 years ago . i guess mobile phones still were n't a thing . 	12 years ago i had a pager for emergencies . i did n't have the credit for a cellphone nor were there pay as you go phones . 
12 years ago . i guess mobile phones still were n't a thing . 	yes they were . i got my first phone 12 years ago next month . 
4 hours and you could n't make a phone call to let him know what was going on ? 	12 years ago , most teenagers did not have cell phones . 
12 years ? i 'm only over a year having worked my ass off and proved i 'm more than capable of being management or higher . if i could drive i 'd probably be it . aim higher man ! 	you have no idea what he works with , and you do n't sound like you would be a good manager . 
why did n't you just call him ? 	good question .  although i do n't think cell phones were as accessible 12 years ago as they are now . not to mention , op may not have know the phone number . 
it 's only really ideal for britain . would n't work in the state 's 	why ? is britain some mystical bullshit land without crime , violent criminals , or weapons ? 
too many people hold a grudge . us managers fuck up sometimes , just when we do it might be critical so some of us are a bit highly strung . 	let me guess , you 're a manager ? 
was that a switcheroo ? haha , no i meant maybe we made him and his son so close . 	heh . i could n't stop myself , sorry . 
well in todays market , you usually take whatever is going in my experience . especially at 17 in what might even have been a part time job to earn some pocket money . 	true , but you 're never too young to begin practising effective conflict resolution techniques . 
uk laws , doubt he could be fired for that even if the police did n't come in . 	you need to be employed for 2 years to be protected under eu law , which takes precedence over whatever uk law is supposed to be . 
good question .  although i do n't think cell phones were as accessible 12 years ago as they are now . not to mention , op may not have know the phone number . 	he was at the hospital . as a 17 year old kid im pretty sure they would of let him use a phone . 
yes , we are still married . she added me and i messages her hey sexy thx for the add . did n't think it would actually work . i expected to be ignored . 	did you put her in your top eight friends too ? bitches love that . 
should n't there be video evidence readily available ? obvious bullshit . why do people upvote this garbage 	why do people here always assume anything slightly out of the ordinary is a lie ? i mean this a completely possible thing that could happen . 
17 year olds had cell phones 12 years ago ?  i can see that in recent years , but not 12 . 	i 'm right around op 's age give or take a year or so . 12 years ago , everyone i knew had a cellphone . 
yep , its just about march . time for another round of rhetoric . 	very right . they ramp up the threats right now because of the military drills being conducted in south korea . 
oh you bet i will be going ape shit over it all . 	hell yeah mate , excited for you 
i noticed the buneary only has 3 perfect ivs . do you have one that has 4 ivs ? 	hopefully that clears it up . thanks again c : 
i can get online right now and for the next 6 hours . 	i 'll get online now if you 're available ? i 'll be around for the next hour or so . 
i noticed the buneary only has 3 perfect ivs . do you have one that has 4 ivs ? 	found one ! i can trade now . my mistake , sorry about that dx 
thank you very much for the trades ! have a good week c : 	i noticed the buneary only has 3 perfect ivs . do you have one that has 4 ivs ? 
i let the band play . i did n't pay to attempt karaoke over a band , i paid to see the band themselves . 	ya fuck those people who like to have fun at shows in different ways . what a bunch of karaoke dipshits . 
ya fuck those people who like to have fun at shows in different ways . what a bunch of karaoke dipshits . 	he did n't say anything against those people .  calm your shit . 
ya fuck those people who like to have fun at shows in different ways . what a bunch of karaoke dipshits . 	someone 's got a persecution complex . i did n't say shit about those people , just that i do n't do that . 
nope turns out there 's a thing you can do if you 're a team of cooperating assholes . 	says the guy above me , but i doubt it . 
oh ? so it 's some teamwork bullshit then . i see .  god damn these assholes are getting notorious . 	yea that 's my guess . if it worked the host might even be able to teleport also if they quit and are re - invited . i would n't put anything past players on gtao . 
most likely a part of your resource pack . which resource pack are you using ? 	read the title , he made this texture pack , and it is n't showing up as it should in - game 
jesus man , i was n't expecting such good voice acting . that 's seriously good ! i 'd really look into a career with this . really good stuff . 	thanks man that means a lot ! its currently what im pursuing so we will see how it goes : p glad you liked it ! 
and human 's fabulous nipples ! 	naked asura are n't good for anybody , it seems . 
except female humans in this game has no nipple : b 	kids ca n't handle boobies , it 's too much 
i battled a guy who was naked in pvp , he was a thief and pretty good on top of that . 	did he steal your clothes ? 
how is this bad advice ? give the nigga his ring back and get a discount with arielle . 	then steal that shit back and sell it . 
i would n't say worthless , however it is a lot of work to do it well enough to be useful , especially when you can just get a lot of really cool enchanted items on your travels . 	or just throw money at someone who wo n't fail to enchant something . 
play morrowind like you 'd play skyrim . 	very true , when i got the game , thats exactly what i did , but now i get it . 
i feel like every club is a jumping point to real and barca . 	in that case it should be our goal to be a the easiest stepping stone to real and barca . 
he does n't talk . he drives . 	drive ! 
swamp gas filled weather balloons . 	swamp gas from a weather balloon was trapped in a thermal pocket and reflected the light from venus . 
do n't think so better off waiting till thursday . 	so will the phones be in store or will they need to be ordered ? 
probably would n't be smart to jump on that bandwagon yet . you 'd just have to sell him again at the end of week 2 because of his bye week 3 	not that big of deal , now that you keep the whole sell on fee . 
it is , they say that in the article too . it 's apparently an easter egg . 	yikes did n't see there was an article , first pic construction worker 
yeah we have a league but it 's not very big . occasionally there are u . s vs canada exhibition games , which are always awesome to got to . i really wish it was a bigger sport over here . 	have you been to one of the games ? i was thinking of going , but ive heard its not even the ah : guys that play ? 
how is australia when it comes to hockey ? any leagues over there ? 	yeah we have a league but it 's not very big . occasionally there are u . s vs canada exhibition games , which are always awesome to got to . i really wish it was a bigger sport over here . 
just edit your comment to paraphrase the paragraph instead of quoting directly . you can never be too careful with this kind of stuff . 	this just sounds silly . is there any recorded case of ccp banning someone for quoting what a gm actually said ?  it seems like gms should n't say things they do n't want quoted . 
you ca n't go back , bob 	he 's smelly cat ! oh god that song works on so many levels . 
does ne run a 4 - 3 or 3 - 4 ? if they run a 3 - 4 , he wo n't be used properly in ne either . he 's a natural 4 - 3 defensive end . 	we 've ran 4 - 3 mostly for quite a while now . 
does ne run a 4 - 3 or 3 - 4 ? if they run a 3 - 4 , he wo n't be used properly in ne either . he 's a natural 4 - 3 defensive end . 	new england 's defense is just called defense . they do n't use a scheme . just have a bunch of dudes stop other sides from doing stuff to give the ball back to a goat for some reason . 
seriously . are there some people who have n't read every single thread for the past few days ? filthy casuals . 	f5 master race .  but i just mean pats fans , there 's not a lot of threads about our signings . 
rotation and nascar package basically . 	see all your gonna take a left turn right here , a left turn right here , a left turn right here , and if you keep makin left turns superbowl ! 
does ne run a 4 - 3 or 3 - 4 ? if they run a 3 - 4 , he wo n't be used properly in ne either . he 's a natural 4 - 3 defensive end . 	since the league is all pass nowadays , we were almost entirely in sub defense just like most of the league . so mostly we ran 4 - 2 - 5 , but sometimes we also do 3 - 2 - 6 or 3 - 3 - 5 
no one in the real world cares . 	stop being so pessimistic . loads of people care . 
no one in the real world cares . 	true , it 's just a reason to be happy amidst all the chaos . 
no one in the real world cares . 	sadly , a bit true .   
uoft isnt even a selective school when it comes to admissions , rankings dont mean shit  	good thing the rankings are based fully off the professors and have nothing to do with the students . 
never actually watched dr who , so possibly , but was n't what i was going for . 	yeah no , that 's an episode of doctor who lol 
that 's how we feel about welker and talib . 	no , no it is not . i still love welker for all he gave us . dude went over the middle for years . tried to play through concussions and injuries . redirect your hate son . 
would be shocked if he goes to new england given that the issue is money right now and patriots never overpay anyone except amendola .  i thought the raiders passed on him ? 	well by the sound of it pretty much every team gave him a disappointing offer . he might be coming back to earth on his contract expectations . 
i 'm hoping he goes to the colts or skins and the pats retain wilfork for less money . 	i dunno , pot roast is 5 years younger . he 'd cost more , but there 's more of a future there . 
i 'm hoping he goes to the colts or skins and the pats retain wilfork for less money . 	we have money to spend , why not spend it on the better defensive tackle and beef up our front seven ? 
william harvin ? 	bill williams . 
yes that would be a good idea i will do that now . i 'll just go ahead and delete this post and create a new subreddit . 	reply to this with the exact name of the subreddit , and i 'll link to it in the sidebar the next time i update that . thanks ! 
the sad fact is , if you 're a man over 30 , you know a woman who 's been raped , whether you know it or not . 	i 've not known one personally , only knew guys who knew the women . those women who have told their story . 
yes . close friend . i ca n't share the story , but she ended up taking her own life after her attacker got out of jail . 	i am sorry for your loss . 
i do n't talk about bjj a lot because none of my friends are into bjj or mma . 	same . they all play soccer . im the oddball 
i use my social skills to determine when and where it 's appropriate to mention bjj , like fisting . 	read as fishing . does n't change a thing 
i feel like i just watched a matrix fashion show . but the usage was on point . the scroll down to pause is a great effect 	thanks . haha that is my little bro 's stuff . but if you want to check out the source it 's all there .  the scroll down and mobile image replacement is in the bottom of the index . html file . 
yes , it 's about 3 months old . i did n't code a success action after hitting submit . i have n't found time to add it in . 	nice ! how did you end up building them . i have a few people who could benefit from this . pm me i 'd like to talk more about it 
is this relatively new ? tried signing up but the form did n't work . looks cool ! 	yes , it 's about 3 months old . i did n't code a success action after hitting submit . i have n't found time to add it in . 
this was really cool ! some really pretty shots too ! hope to see more 	thanks man ! we really want to make more 
awesome ! i just watched the first one , and i ca n't wait to share it with my group tomorrow . really impressive production value . 	thanks so much ! any shares are super appreciated ! 
enter more ! melee is fun stuff 	ca n't do it , man . sm4sh 4 lyfe now . 
bad flash ? i 've been running 5 . 1 on tmo since the day google posted it and have had zero issues . should have done a full factory image flash 	assuming you 've got volte enabled , are you having the duplicate text issue ? 
well then why did i and many others get absolutely no incoming calls on 5 . 1 on t mobile until i reverted to the old radio . 	bad flash ? i 've been running 5 . 1 on tmo since the day google posted it and have had zero issues . should have done a full factory image flash 
well then why did i and many others get absolutely no incoming calls on 5 . 1 on t mobile until i reverted to the old radio . 	my call quality is greatly improved on 5 . 1 with t - mobile 
how do i learn to tilt ? whenever there 's a chance to hit someone i panic a bit and jam on the a button and the stick as hard as i can . under what circumstances should i try to tilt ? 	turn tap jump off . when you hold up you wo n't jump so doing tilts is a bit easier . 
could you elaborate ? are you saying that brawls tripping is melees port priority ? 	it had something to do with snake 's grenades , as port priority was involved in brawl . 
is it possible for a new melee tier list to come out , or is it all basically set forever ? 	if it 's gonna happen , i 'd imagine it 'd be soon . the meta has changed a lot , and the current one is looking more and more outdated as time goes on . 
what 's the best way to do the instant bair out of a shine ? i can do a full hop dair immediately , and whenever i try to turn around short - hop bair i just get the flutter legs . 	you 're trying to do a shine , then turn around b - air ? i believe using the shine to make you face the opposite way would work better . 
personally , i 'm a fan of ulysses s . grant 	he 's pretty cool , but can i get some love for my boy george washington ? 
shovel knight . 	exquisite taste .  i 'd say ike in pm . he has armor and a big sword that looks kind of like a weird shovel . 
did they ever make his speed match up with actual speed from the fire emblem games ? i 've been told ike 's super fast in the fe games he stars in . 	ike in path of radiance is arguably one of the most broken fe characters . solo ike runs are neither uncommon nor particularly difficult . 
mega man . 	side main , already . 
how do i learn to tilt ? whenever there 's a chance to hit someone i panic a bit and jam on the a button and the stick as hard as i can . under what circumstances should i try to tilt ? 	i ran into this problem as well . i ended up taking a day and playing for glory using only tilts . quickly made it a lot easier . 
will send this to some friends . having a strict nat in destiny can be game breaking for you . 	for me , the main issues were always chat related . i read a bit more on it and it looks like you can even experience things like being booted from the game due to nat conflicts ? 
for me , the main issues were always chat related . i read a bit more on it and it looks like you can even experience things like being booted from the game due to nat conflicts ? 	chat issues were the most common , they often ca n't hear one or multiple people . it also can cause you to go into empty towers . 
thanks , i was already planning in checking some of those . places out but i wanted to try all ways to reach out to people 	if you let me know when you will be down at one of the shops . i could come play a game of mtg with you 
if you let me know when you will be down at one of the shops . i could come play a game of mtg with you 	alright cool . i will let you know . 
he will hit value and free up some dough . orlando does n't defend the sf spot too well and ariza wo n't play 48 mins . 	48 min ? 
hey thanks man . here i am at 3am coding more features and responding to shout outs too 	it really is great ! if i was n't so poor i would have already deposited some money to play around with it . hopefully next week ! how are you doing with deposits ? 
i love zbo and gasol tonight . how do you feel about stacking them ? 	i doubt either will play . stay tuned . 
romero hardly cares to use his wrestling though . 	but he is like the best wrestler out of central america like ever . 
this has nothing to do with mma , but i just bought a new car ! wooooo ! 	 this is general discussion thread . whoever is downvoting you misses the point of this .   congratulations man ! what model is it ? 
why is diaz vs . silva not a no contest ?  i 'd say if you piss hot you should get a loss - no matter what . 	because they have n't had the official hearing on it yet , and silva has asked for an extension to work on his defense . we 'll see what happens . they ca n't change it until his defense . 
what 's everyone 's favourite upcoming fight ? 	jacare vs romero so many implications for the division , so many implications for the age old wrestling vs jiu jitsu debate 
what 's everyone 's favourite upcoming fight ? 	weidman v belfort , it 's been so long in the making and i always look forward to seeing the chris in action 
cool , thanks . how does the rounding work ? if a fighter weighs in at 155 . 4 lbs for a championship fight , does he miss weight ? 	i know in quebec they do n't count decimal points , so you could weigh 170 . 9 , but they 'll mark it as 170 and call it good . 
does it really make a difference though , it would be a dq and pettis would have another title fight . 	agreed , but it would still be considered a break in his reign , so he would not be reigning defending champion and would start over . 
and that 's the story of how we got divorced on december 26th . 	when i do n't have sex it 's no big deal , but when she does n't get a good present marriage over ? seems like neither person has their priorities straight . 
when i do n't have sex it 's no big deal , but when she does n't get a good present marriage over ? seems like neither person has their priorities straight . 	i think what would end the marriage in this case would be her finding out that he only values her for sex . not just getting a cheap present . 
best thing for them , what 's the point of staying in a relationship if you 're not physically intimate ? 	well thats like asking why stay in a marriage if youre not gonna get a good christmas present . 
the best part is that my wife was the one who sent it to me . as a joke . then we laughed and had sex . 	good for you man . 
i think what would end the marriage in this case would be her finding out that he only values her for sex . not just getting a cheap present . 	he 'd have to tell her first which would be a marital suicide in its own right . 
i found this song from this post , and i now fucking love this song . thank you for posting it . 	yes sir , pretty epic 
ds games are good enough i bet , thank you for the response .  also , instead of the crappy 360 dpad - i can use the joystick aswell to move around right ? 	yes . it all works fine . ds games are good but using the touch screen with the mouse while holding the controller is hard . 
reddit is n't an army , do n't try to get redditors to attack someone even when they 're clearly in the wrong . that just leads to doxxing or witch hunting .   	lol reading all the comments on that page i 'm guessing some people disagree with your position on over - the - top public shaming 
i do n't trust large numbers of followers since you can just buy that shit on soundcloud . or so those messages i constantly get try to tell me . 	well he 's playing shows with bro safari and has an official remix released on mad decent so i think it 's safe to say he 's gaining some traction . 
i think the point was to avoid that type of witch hunt . even when he 's clearly in the wrong there are proper ways to go about it that lack pitchforks . 	i agree completely , i just find the comments on fb disturbing , especially considering people are willing to attach their real names to them 
lol reading all the comments on that page i 'm guessing some people disagree with your position on over - the - top public shaming 	i think the point was to avoid that type of witch hunt . even when he 's clearly in the wrong there are proper ways to go about it that lack pitchforks . 
well he 's playing shows with bro safari and has an official remix released on mad decent so i think it 's safe to say he 's gaining some traction . 	well that 's cool . all i know is i get at least 2 messages telling me how i can buy followers today 
i do n't know . i can gain about 2000 rec in a 5 min race . if it were n't for all of the bad connection errors i 'd be rolling in space dough right now . 	you 're lucky , i have n't been able to even connect to a single public or private match since the update . 
is it ? about how much do you get for racing ?  i basically never race , so i have n't tried it yet . 	700 in 5 mins if you do n't even finish the race but i get from 1000 - 1500 in 5 mins most times . 
serious question : how does this work ? is a baby hedgehog 's mouth the same shape as a kitten 's ? similarly , is a mother cat 's nipple size and shape close to a mother hedgehog 's ? 	life - uhh - finds a way . 
if you download the youtube app , you can share videos from upload right to youtube , so that 's a bit easier . anyway , i made the album and will post it . thanks ! 	oh really ? i have the app but never found the option . i guess you have to go in to the youtube app and find the video to upload that way ? 
and it looks like shit on my hunter , i want substance 321 damned cryptarch . 	what gear are you wearing on your hunter ? i rock the ib gear and it looks incredible . 
i think it depends on which set of boots you got . the ones with the oak design wrapping around the legs look fresh to death imo . 	i just do n't like the piece that sticks out on the left leg . i like the tree going up the pants but its like a shin guard made of tubing that i do n't like . 
god of war took like 300 hours for me . it was the last shader to drop after arctic proxy . it was from either a vanguard or cryptarch package . such a stubborn shader . 	i got my god of war very early in the game life for me , had no idea it was so rare until i came here .  it was definitely from a cryptarch package . 
am i the only one that thinks the hunter ib boots suck compared to everything else ? i like the ce tall boots and the vog leg piece but these just do n't look very good . 	i think it depends on which set of boots you got . the ones with the oak design wrapping around the legs look fresh to death imo . 
god of war is a random drop from cryptarch packages . 	and it looks like shit on my hunter , i want substance 321 damned cryptarch . 
pool party is such a good team comp tho . 	damn , never realized it before but that 's a great team comp . 
may i ask , why did you build frozen heart ? i know it still is kinda cost effective but the slot seems so wasted and it never feels right . 	if you ignore the mana part , everything else is good . 
now play against pool party team ! and then , pentakill . 	pool party is such a good team comp tho . 
i 'm 18 , so the law wo n't protect me anymore 	op , your response just goes to show how deep her abuse has gone , and i 'm sorry for it .  adults may not lay their hands on another adult without their explicit permission . 
check out what so not if you do n't know him , awesome electronic music 	hell yeah what so not is the bomb , i saw him on skrillex 's mothership and was blown away by his set 
dude you said goat ! my friends and i say that , but we thought we made the term up when we were high once . 	maybe he is your friend ? 
it 's the quick back foot adjustment when he 's about 4m off the ground that does it for me . goat .   	dude you said goat ! my friends and i say that , but we thought we made the term up when we were high once . 
i think that evolution is too complex to explain in it 's entirety 	yes , but the basic concept is very simple and powerful . 
where are they teaching the earth creationist crap ? my son is in catholic school . he is being taught about evolution . 	fun fact , both the big bang theory and the modern science of genetics were discovered by catholic priests . 
no , most of the us gets taught evolution as fact . only some idiots , usually in the south , get butthurt and claim its false . almost no one in the field or in higher education denies it 	this is true . even in my catholic school i was taught evolution as fact . 
yea but debating the average redditor will make banging your head against a brick wall look like good fun . 	the point of these is to attract the higher caliber debating redditors to the debate subreddits , who are willing to follow more strict rules in discussion . 
he was merely pointing out the flaws in the explanation . although i guess your ad hominem perfectly counters all the points he raised huh ? 	i 'd like you to now point out to me how my response was an ad hom . but first , i 'd like you to look up what an ad hom actually is . 
i do n't understand why one would begin to use and trust the scientific method and then decide to completely ignore it when considering religion . 	me either , but i 'm an atheist . nonetheless , some people look inside themselves and find faith . my point is you do n't need to turn away from the wonders of the universe to protect it . 
yea but debating the average redditor will make banging your head against a brick wall look like good fun . 	debate in general can be frustrating since it 's easy to get mad . good debate can be a rewarding learning experience . and you have to put your ego aside . 
if you guys read read all of the comments he said he was n't completely convinced yet but would continue to do research . not everyone is as jaded as you guys seem to be . 	the guy comes to reddit , learns something mind - blowing , and then never posts to reddit ever again ? seems odd . 
til people actually believed the earth was n't billions of years old , and were taught this somehow up to a year ago at least . 	ignorance is a powerful thing . 
it really actually does n't , though most of dawkins natural selection stuff was found to have so many holes that even to science it 's a bit ridiculous . 	are you confusing dawkins with darwin ? because i do n't think you can dispute richard dawkins knowledge in evolution and argue that most of his work is not accepted by the scientific community . 
the response to it drove me up the wall . 	i 'm going to make a line of computer mouses just for reddit . it 'll be a normal mouse , but made out of a stress ball . i 'll make millions . 
that should be the first question you ask yourself whenever you 're trying to learn new things . 	especially before entering into a debatable conversation . 
you 're getting downvotes , but this has some truth to it .  a lot of evolution occurs because of environmental pressures and we simply do n't have much of that anymore . 	something like , humans do n't adapt to the environment , we change our environment .   
there was 2 when i left , it would n't hurt to call and have electronics check . this wal - mart 's entire amiibo section in behind locked glass cabinet so hopefully there still there 	oh shit i 've totally been to that one lol . near the savers right ? everything there is pretty much behind glass . so sketchy . 
great ! of which country ? 	japan . the peace sign is a dead giveaway . 
literally tens of thousands of people have died just to be able to have this opportunity . it 's a huge deal . 	literally tens of thousands of people have died from diarrhea . should i post a picture of every shit i do n't die from ? 
and finish it with a dessert of apple pie soaked in maple syrup . 	pecan or sweet potato pie . 
i always wonder , is the decision to this really hard ? 	as a canadian i was able to maintain my current citizenship , otherwise it would have definitely been more difficult . 
and finish it with a dessert of apple pie soaked in maple syrup . 	that sounds fucking delicious . 
as a canadian i was able to maintain my current citizenship , otherwise it would have definitely been more difficult . 	bro ! why move . i picture canada to be better . they are never in wars . weed . hockey . snow . 
literally tens of thousands of people have died just to be able to have this opportunity . it 's a huge deal . 	so let 's post all the thousands of people who become us citizens every day . because that wo n't be boring as fuck , will it ? 
and finish it with a dessert of apple pie soaked in maple syrup . 	is apple pie really any more american than it is canadian . id say apple pie is the standard here too though that sounds really good 
this thing called loyalty . it 's a pretty good virtue . check it out sometime 	this thing called na 'vi . one of the best paying and most known brands . inform yourself sometimes . 
i would prefer to ask , why dendi doesnt want to leave for a better team 	this thing called loyalty . it 's a pretty good virtue . check it out sometime 
i still pick them up for that soul heart chime . 	i 've been conditioned by the game so that sound feels like pure bliss . 
glacier in us . looks like reservations are n't open until april 2nd . i 've got my eye on a two jack lake site right on the lake ! 	good choice ! glacier montana is unreal ! make sure to take going to the sun highway 
actually it 's cock rot . i 'm welsh and speak from experience 	i 'm sorry to hear that . 
if a guest is kinda douchy when trying to check in before official check in time , i will say the room is n't ready even if it is . 	tee hee , hate to admit it but i did this the other day . made them wait when i knew the room was ready . do n't be rude to your friendly front desk clerk , or this is what you get ! 
ok . thanks for this man ! 	hope you enjoy it ! 
would the european court of human rights have any jurisdiction ? 	that 's my thought . obviously some religion needs to dance on that day and then sue .   
your goal is 10 and it counts 30 , but still says you 're under ? might be something technical then . someone mentioned how to restart everything ? maybe that 'll work . 	i 've already done that once , it stopped counting floors altogether last week ! 
i was just laughing at how he stands like the gta5 character and his body movements , was so perfect 	well they did motion capture him for trevor so the body movements were steven to begin with . he basically is trevor physically speaking . 
holy shit that is him ! from the office , right ? 	yeah the very one . 
nate the maintenance guy who goes on the work in the warehouse .  edit : sorry replied to wrong comment thread . 	holy shit that is him ! from the office , right ? 
well to be fair , mike got paired up with assholes just about as useful as anyone you 'll find on a gta v heist . 	the big guy was n't an asshole was he ? just a coward .   
he played a nerdy cpa on portlandia who tried to be cool by dressing like a musician and learning to play the bass . 	nate the maintenance guy who goes on the work in the warehouse .  edit : sorry replied to wrong comment thread . 
felt weird hearing him say that , when you see trevor 's distrust in politics and hostility to racism . 	it was a hilarious line though . like watching him just come up and try to be smoothly racist lol . he played that role really well . 
he was threatening him with the gun . it makes sense for him to put his finger near the trigger . 	the point is that his finger is n't touching the trigger 
did you install whilst on kitkat or lollipop ? i thought under lollipop you get problems unless you flash something along the lines of a kitkat boot . img as well 	i was on kitkat but i also ran it again under cm12 . it worked fine in both cases .   
hot dog ! this is great . thanks 	we 're glad people dig it . thanks for the praise ! 
new car ? do n't be so dramatic .  replacing the door would do the job . 	i do n't think building it a new home is the solution . 
you cant obligatory your own post .  obligatory op is a bundle of sticks comment . 	mad that i did n't play by the rules ?  well , i did that because i 'm a horrible person .  dr . horrible to be exact . 
if the battery is dying the car will automatically roll the windows down i believe . 	no , it does n't do that .  model s has a separate 12v battery for peripherals , such as door handles and locks . 
i would steal those so fast . 	that was the plan . then the glass ruined the fun . 
everyone deals with stuff in their own way . they were broken up already . get off your high horse and stopping being so judgmental . 	get off your high horse and stopping being so judgmental of my post you fucking hypocrite . 
that 's still a lot of records . that 's platinum . i 'm pretty sure is this it went platinum . and their fans are loyal , more loyal than limp biscuit 	im not trying to take away from what they 've done , they 're my fave band of all time , they 're just not that big in terms of total records 
even depression ? anxiety ? how about asthma ? let 's try not to blanket over everything . it does n't make ents look any better 	actually , yes it does help with depression and anxiety . i never heard of anybody who got more depressed off of weed . but everybody is different and it just is n't for you . 
wut do u mean close call as in they werent hit that deep or they consistently hit the top wall ? 	they were home runs , but not by much . 
make a mobile app for tribunal . people will use it during their travels to work or school , and get some ip in reward . 	haha , that 's a great idea , always tought of that .  but let them finish the basic tribunal before adding apps to the workload xd 
mine has jealousy issues it just isnt for her . she is cool with other dogs until they try to greet or play with me then she gets pushy . 	fair enough . thanks ! 
awww - that made me smile picturing it . why did you wait until she was 1 before her first visit ? to be sure of her temperament ? 	mine has jealousy issues it just isnt for her . she is cool with other dogs until they try to greet or play with me then she gets pushy . 
does spelling it out like that really stop bots from getting the codes ? i 've never seen that done before . 	dunno ; figured better safe than sorry . 
i hope you get bored more often then . thanks 	you 're welcome man 
how did you get them to sit still ? they are so cute ! 	idk man they 're all really chilled ! 
i knew somebody else would appreciate the full song . glad you enjoyed it like i did . 	apologies mate , looks like i jumped the gun a bit . i saw the start and assumed they were exactly the same . my bad . 
it 's absolutely not 4 years ahead . do you think we could have had a 5 watt processor this fast 4 years ago ? you are being silly . 	i was speaking in terms of performance alone , not talking about energy consumption or heat . 
i am guessing the bottleneck for that '09 pro opening work is the hdd not the processor . 	i switched that out for an ssd and doubled the ram to 8 gb a few years ago . 
that 's odd . the app says 3 to 4 weeks regardless of the config . 	you were just too late for the initial batch and now it shows the later manufacturing lots . upon release there are a certain number of devices marked for earlier shipment as a result . 
it 's gorgeous , simple , and i love it . i think the only things i would add are a rug and maybe a different lamp . but seriously , it 's really coming together . 	thanks so much ! we 've been on the hunt for an area rug , just have n't found one we love yet !  any lamp suggestions ? 
likely two unrelated gifs cut together . if he managed to hit his intended target after jerking his head back before even squeezing the trigger , kudos to him . 	plus he 's resting the barrel on the stone . there 's a reason why rifles have floating barrels . this guy has no idea what he 's doing . 
likely two unrelated gifs cut together . if he managed to hit his intended target after jerking his head back before even squeezing the trigger , kudos to him . 	i thought that to , ca n't find the two separate clips though . 
likely two unrelated gifs cut together . if he managed to hit his intended target after jerking his head back before even squeezing the trigger , kudos to him . 	i think hes given himself a black eye before . 
yeah . and in any case 25 years later is a key point , right ? 	i think the 25 years later mark is literally the least important thing about these discussions right now . 
no . even newcastle could be sucked into this yet as unlikely as it is .  two more wins and then we can start talking about safety . 	just imagine if the baggies ended up going down , they 've got liverpool , chelsea , arsenal and united all to play ! 
we could also have batman if dc said ok . but that 's not happening . do n't get your hopes up for ever seeing deadshot again 	arrow is contemporary dc , gotham is not . 
they were forced by dc to kill him off since they 're gonna use the character in the suicide squad movie . your right about it being a waste . 	he 's actually referring to the first time we thought he was dead 
darth vader is princess leia 's father . 	et goes home . 
the best kinds of sex parties . 	are the ones where everyone is dressed like a tubby with a dildo on their heads . great times . 
do you pay for your porn ? i am pretty sure it is widely available for purchase ? or for most of foreign movies ? or for music ? 	hey , stop being logical . how dare you ! 
the battery was likely dead because the alternator was n't working . how did the truck start if the computer was bad ? 	the only bit of logic and wisdom in this entire thread . 
the release volume of this game is massive . i 'm sure even steams servers are seeing a ton more traffic than they 've ever seen . 	oh yeah definitely . i saw someone who ca n't even get it decrypted , restarting steam does nothing apparently for them 
i sure hope they do n't lose all of their free customers ? 	this is pretty much my feeling on the subject . 
oh , sure , totally . that 's why he 's got a well known piece of camera software that 's widely use enough for someone to have made a thread about it . 	i did n't say that others have n't made assumptions about the project including the assumption that the developer gives two shits about some professional photographer using the software . 
something about mind control drugs in the biscuit recipe . it 's completely made up . 	reverse psychology does not work on me .  ergo , there are mind control drugs in the biscuit recipe .  in unrelated news , reverse psychology does work on me . 
not that i have strong feelings one way or another but i think the point they 're trying to make is that professionals should n't rely on ml i 'm not justifying , just clarifying 	that 's fair i suppose , but you have to admit the tools it provides are really great . i guess i 've always just felt that part of doing the best you can is using the best tools available . 
i sure hope they do n't lose all of their free customers ? 	what 's the point in continuing to develop a project , free or not , if people stop using it ? 
april fool 's is not a global thing , so i reckon plenty of people do . even in western countries there must be lots of weddings on april first . 	if it was n't for the internet and constant reminders days ahead of april 1st the day would go by like any other day for me .  i do n't think it 's such a huge deal . 
yes it is , one of the hand finished pipes . for being rather large it is surprisingly light . under 40 grams iirc 	yeah it looked larger in the video than i thought it was . it 's amazing how smoothly air flows through mine . 
yeah it looked larger in the video than i thought it was . it 's amazing how smoothly air flows through mine . 	for me what sells it is the button work . i only have one pipe with better work , and really that could be debatable 
okay , why ? for business applications , having the hardware support and warranty is a godsend for avoiding downtime and extra costs . 	a company would rather spend the money a complete , built system with a 3 year warranty than to have all the individual parts come in , put it together , test and deploy . 
i thought the ac unit was a full tower with the ultimate cooling solution . 	how have you had reddit for four years and only managed to comment 4 times ? happy cake day ! 
that and for a lot of business solutions you do n't need the kind of power you 'd be pumping out with a custom build . even an i5 is overkill for most day to day users . 	you can get powerhouse units from dell that all the benefits . i have a few precision machines at work that are crazy . 
hold up . are you telling me high schoolers do n't watch archer ? 	the show had just started getting popular when i was in high school and my drama teacher and i would reference it and maybe like one or two other kids would get it . 
actually , very few of us watch archer . i just get blank stares whenever i reference the show . it 's quite disheartening . 	i was told yesterday that i sound like archer by a classmate . sadly that 's the only time i 've heard another person in high school mention the show . 
if i cared about what you do on the weekends , i 'd stick a shot gun in my mouth and pull the trigger with my toes . 	fun fact saying that to a coworker will get you in hot water .  saw a story on here somewhere that a guy said that to some obnoxious gal who liked to let everyone know she partied or something 
hold up . are you telling me high schoolers do n't watch archer ? 	he 's not an easy read . 
why is there a shadow on the right side of his face ? 	i think the framing is too tight on the sides .  is there something wrong with his elbows ? 
idk why you 're getting downvoted . i guess it 's against the rules to point out where people are spending their money . 	well i 'm not downvoted now and it 's probably because i assumed the person who replied to me was op , which is clearly not the case .  no big deal . 
ok sounds great , thank you very much ! 	no problem , i can spare some money for a little girl to have a good birthday 
wow . factory paint ? it 's fucking clean . 	yep ! 21 year old super white ii goodness . 
no title needed really , its fantastic by itself ! nice shot 	pretty sure this is n't his shot . it was taken off the front page from last week . 
hi , i noticed that you reopened this thread and that you 're still looking for a 5iv ha durant . i 've already bred one that i could give you . 	really ? where 's it 's ivs located if you do n't mind me asking ? 
just a plain pokeball . i could breed a premier ball one if you wanted . 	no way for you to do a heavy ball eh ? would you be interested in the male gastly instead ? or a female in a normal pokeball ? 
tbh zilean hard pushes waves anyway so getting some harass in too is n't a bad thing . 	he does n't have to hard push , its all about mine placement and how smart your opponent is about where they blow up . 
the only good answer is that there 's not an answer . it 's always different because nobody making the games thinks about it . 	exactly . mario is very gameplay - centered , story is not important at all . some people just want to force some deep underlying theory to every game . 
the only good answer is that there 's not an answer . it 's always different because nobody making the games thinks about it . 	or much like the legend of zelda uses different art - styles to interpret a similar story , mario uses small changes to the aesthetics to allow this . 
i 'm not sure when i argued that it 's the majority opinion , or that it 's why people want to do things . 	well why did you bring it up ? i never argued that literally nobody thought that nintendo planned this out . 
doubt it . we 're seeing a resurgence of catholicism due to migrants . 	the cu at my uni has apparently grown in recent years , and as leader of the cu of his uni , my mate double the membership of his . so i dunno . hard to say . 
i think we might be seeing a resurgence of christianity in this country .  mate of mine has just decided he 's going to become a priest . 	doubt it . we 're seeing a resurgence of catholicism due to migrants . 
i would n't go that far but you 're on the right track . 	so is it safe to join the hype train yet or no ? 
erm no they were n't they might have been slow , but deff not on rails , maybe go back and play the games again . 	i did n't say they were on rails , i said they might as well have been on rails , they could go forward and back , there was barely any room for them to maneuver in any other direction . 
i did n't say they were on rails , i said they might as well have been on rails , they could go forward and back , there was barely any room for them to maneuver in any other direction . 	yes there really was , go back and play the games again . 
so is it safe to join the hype train yet or no ? 	as long as it does n't derail i think we 're good . 
i ca n't imagine that mini split second heart attack right after you noticed everything was deleted but before you realized it could be restored . 	well , i was notified after 5pm , so i ended up working on it while pacing around the house for an hour . 
in my it , we are the control group , though it sometimes includes everyone else . 	fortune 250 company here , can confirm . the testing is the production . 
i 'm pretty sure most of the locations closed , but i do n't know if all of them did ! the one in westwood is definitely closed . 	the one in woodland hills is open and the one on ventura , attached to bowling ally is also open  
it 's from a psa about how children view alcoholic parents . 	oooh , i see . i believe i remember .  it 's pretty dark , but i guess that 's fitting for the theme . 
but if they do , watch out . they 've got the upper hand against cleveland . the only team that worries me in the east we are facing in the first round and it 's just because of pierce lol 	they 've got the upper hand against cleveland ? how ? i would much rather face the raptors than the hawks . the raptors have looked straight up awful in the playoffs so far . 
many teams miami handled in the playoffs swept them in different seasons of the big 4 era . 	the heat were never as good as this warriors team . 
but if they do , watch out . they 've got the upper hand against cleveland . the only team that worries me in the east we are facing in the first round and it 's just because of pierce lol 	how do you figure ? cleveland would beat them in 5 
i 'd be surprised if the raptors make it out of the first round . 	but if they do , watch out . they 've got the upper hand against cleveland . the only team that worries me in the east we are facing in the first round and it 's just because of pierce lol 
libre software does not mean making games for free . it 's still possible to sell games , but others can change it . for example , by removing unfun mechanics like p2w .   	yes , but it makes it difficult to sell the game if it 's available for free on github . you can , however , make the game engine free but sell the content . 
did n't know it . gonna try to learn more about . 	it 's decidedly utopian , but still has some really interesting ideas , particularly about the pride and enjoyment one should take in work when they are not alienated from it . 
that looks like a child 's bed . it 's so small . 	its a twin . dorm room life . 
hmm , looks pretty comfy . i 'd sleep there 	but no playing games . 
belive me , i struggled with this for a long time . luckily , i did n't have to ! she looks exactly like me and is the light of my life . 	idiot . get yourself a dna test or youre not worth helping . 
i chuckled from that . fwiw , he 'd have to at least reach the fourth for this stat to be possible . 	that 's simply not true . an infinite number of k 's can be recorded per inning . 
i feel like he does n't want to stay under the shadow of creating metal gear this sounds way too familiar 	wipe this series from the face of the earth . 
now homosexuals and women who fuck black men can easily find out if they have hiv without having to visit the doctor ! 	straight white people with no interracial relationships get hiv too . 
except i 'm not monogamous , nor have i ever really been . nearly my entire sexual life was the opposite of monogamous , and it has n't done me any good . 	it 's fun . 
what you 'd like to only have sex with one person in your entire life ? 	most of my ancestors did , and they probably had more fulfilling sexual lives than i do . 
to be fair to the op , rewriting their app in c is n't going to solve this problem . 	not magically , but the pebble . js does n't provide the ability to add what op is after . it could be done using the c sdk . 
something that 's really bugging me is that the show needs a villian . spoiler alert . i 've seen the most recent episode 	far as i can tell , it is about the villain . 
that 's so dark though .  speaking of that , where are all the bodies ? did the virus turn people into dust ? 	all the bodies are on earth living their life . the show takes place in phil 's mind . 
all the bodies are on earth living their life . the show takes place in phil 's mind . 	st elsewhere made that idea an old hat . 
i dunno about brown sugar . the lyrics would kinda clash with the story , i think . 	i was sorta of just going with   - season 1 : song based on protagonists  - season 2 : song based on villian 
haha unless they get a god damned lotus orb and you doom your fucking self . 	or just do n't be a retard and doom the person with lotus orb active ? 
sorry but how would you know whats good on doom , op is talking about 6 . 84 . analyse what he is saying about 6 . 84 and the changes , not past experience with 6 . 83 	nothing i can see in the patch makes doom a better choice for a physical dps carry . his best role will almost certainly still be that of utility , initiation and auras . 
nice ! i just found my old half life box and its in pretty damn near perfect condition . some of these models are so far off what they became . 	i wish i had kept my pic big box , seen a few on ebay and tempted to pick it up again . 
corners and safeties too ! 	i imagine brandon browner coming off the edge would be a pretty scary sight . 
was there , can confirm . stadium was shaking . 	i lost my voice for a solid 3 days after that . first game i ever went to , and it 'll always be the best no matter what . such an amazing crowd . 
i hope you 'd admit that he should have at least gone higher than 32 . i 've seen the advanced metric stuff but this is great value at 32 imo . no one else i would have rather taken 	absolutely . love the pick and the love the value . didnt think he would get past the colts . their gm sucks though . 
i could have easily seen us trading out if the colts did n't pass on brown . 	i assumed they would period . brown falling meant when i heard the trade was not real , i assumed brown or goldman . 
andrew luck makes up for bad coaching and poor personnel decisions . they 'll go 11 - 5 and get bounced in the playoffs again , likely at the hands of the patriots . 	they 'll probably end at our feet . since we are going to run all over them , again . 
woah hold up why even draft him then ? 	can we get a re - pick ? is manziel available ? 
oh you mean we did n't just pick a college player who can just replace a hof and one of the best nt of all time ? i ca n't believe it 	woah hold up why even draft him then ? 
i like him but a lot of advanced metrics dont like him so that worries me a little . 	i hope you 'd admit that he should have at least gone higher than 32 . i 've seen the advanced metric stuff but this is great value at 32 imo . no one else i would have rather taken 
right ? run defense is terrible and they get another wr . 	typical colts . tank , be stupid , change rules because they ca n't win against the patriots any other way . 
absolutely . love the pick and the love the value . didnt think he would get past the colts . their gm sucks though . 	i do think he has to be used right . he definitely is n't a plug n play for nt 
let 's just agree to call him malcolm . 	another guy named malcolm is going to get us a ring ! 
thank god the colts gm is a dipshit . great pick 	right ? run defense is terrible and they get another wr . 
i do think he has to be used right . he definitely is n't a plug n play for nt 	im happy with the pick , i was just sayin 
cool looking , but is there a meaning to it that i 'm missing ? 	someone found a ball that wo n't melt at the heat required to melt keys and had an idea . 
what are your views on the issues ? 	what issue ? 
the party is already here , itt . you 're late , son ! 	damn , had i known i 'd of made you a cake . 
i understand . no need to freak out . 	no i agree . i thought you were n't watching and wanted an update . 
it 's definitely a huge red flag . i do n't understand how he skips out on the biggest job interview of his life . 	it 's super suspect . wonder if 12 teams taking him off their board is on the low side . 
i 'm so fucking close to doing it bro . what 's on the menu for saturday ? 	have a graduation open house i have to go to . i 'll be inside the house watching the draft though at my parents house . 
our turn is coming up soon , lets say both are on the table , would you go coleman , or gregory ? 	even though we need a rb , you cant pass on gregory , even with the risk 
i 'd take duke johnson over ajayi . but i 'm kind of an idiot so i 'll trust whoever garrett and the gang pick . 	atleast your honest haha but i agree with you i just did not think he would be there in the 3rd although now it looks like it . 
guys i kinda want la 'el he 's a first round talent and with the rbs that are left , i 'm cool with running with mcfadden , williams , randle and dunbar for another year . 	if he and gregory work out , this draft could be historically good . doubt collins get drafted tonight though . that means he 'll withdraw from the draft and wait til next year . 
we are n't talking huge gaps , here . 	it 's a much bigger gap than you think . 
ok i 'm still nervous about our rb situation 	dallas seems confident that if they want a rb they can find one in the 4th or 5th so i would n't be worried 
de , he 's 6 '5 with long arms . he can add 15 lbs by the time the season starts 	he seems like the prototype otto linebacker physically . rush the passer , drop in coverage , hold the edge on the back side . long arms , quick , disruptive . 
we need to trade up for johnson before its too late . 	yea the problem is how far can we move up with a 3rd and a 4th ? 
my bet is gregory or coleman . coleman is the number three back on many boards . 	as much as i like coleman , i feel that the draft is so deep in running backs that one of them will fall into our lap third round . gregory is worth trading up for imo 
big picture pick . anything after the christmas gift that was gregory , another physically dominant utility lineman is money in the bank . 	great way to think about it . everyone is in win now mode on this subreddit , but management thinking past this season . 
war room is completely relaxed . they think our guy is going to fall to them 	i think they are well prepared to take the best player on their board so they are n't on edge 
we have to remember , this whole time there are four running backs on roster ready to bust their ass for this position . 	this is true but we do n't have our to - be franchise starting rb that we could potentially have in duke johnson or coleman . 
im in des moines im on my way ! 	no shit ? hawkeye and cowboy fan . you 're definitely welcome . i got a case of busch light and a 12 pack of sam adams summer pack .  edit . i should clarify i too reside in des moines lol 
you hitting up price chopper or whatever the fuck its called ? 	yessir . i used to work there . i gotta support them . 
did they cut away from the war room on the cowboys feed for anyone else ? 	someone inside the war room covered the camera . something is going on there that the fo does n't want people to see . lets wait a few more minutes and image may return . 
why not draft a qb now ? maybe petty ? 	gotta stick with bpa , no need to stay from that now . and i doubt petty is that guy . 
baltimore is going offensive here guys . probably coleman or maxx williams is my guess 	spot on dude ! well done ! 
thought i saw that la 'el stated they would n't sign if they are n't drafted tonight and will re - enter the draft next year . 	i 'm sure jerry could talk him into signing . find him some sort of off the book income . 
green looks athletic enough to play multiple position on the line . can he be free 's successor ? 	that 's my only true reasoning for the pick . our line suffered a bit when free went down so it 's good to have that depth especially with losing parnell . 
who do we look for in this round ? ajayi is my hope for the 3rd . 	i doubt we can get ajayi in the 3rd at 27 . if coleman is available i think we go for him . if not we go de . someone to look for is david johnson from uni in the 3rd . could be a solid pick . 
if gregory falls past cincinnati and detroit i think he 'll be there for when we pick . question is do we take him or coleman ? 	i 'm so conflicted . i guess it 's a good problem to have . 
i trust dmc in pass pro , but not running the ball . we could use a more versatile back . 	we have 4 of them on the team . we are fine if we do n't get a rb 
randy gregory fell from top 5 to at least the bottom of round 2 for a reason yet some of yall still want him . help me understand . 	he has the talent to be top 5 and he 's sliding because of character issues . after dez , a lot of people think we have a good support system in place to get people to turn things around . 
as much as i like coleman , i feel that the draft is so deep in running backs that one of them will fall into our lap third round . gregory is worth trading up for imo 	not positive one falls to the bottom of the third , but we could trade our fourth or fifth to move our third up high enough to get a good rb . 
he seems like the prototype otto linebacker physically . rush the passer , drop in coverage , hold the edge on the back side . long arms , quick , disruptive . 	i 'm sure rod will move him all over the place 
our turn is coming up soon , lets say both are on the table , would you go coleman , or gregory ? 	it was questionable to not take gregory in the 1st , it would be close to crazy to pass him in the 2nd . 
if the 2nd round pick isnt a rb or pass rusher , there will be a lot of pissed off fans 	i would be ok with a top tier lb like kendricks or a swing tackle like jake fisher or tj clemmings who could step in for free whenever he leaves . but yeah , i really want a pass rusher or rb 
after two great picks this is rather disappointing . 	big picture pick . anything after the christmas gift that was gregory , another physically dominant utility lineman is money in the bank . 
our war room looks fairly empty and relaxed , do n't think there 's a strong motivation to trade up right now . 	at this rate , we could get the rb we want without going anywhere . 
fuck it you 're all invited . i 'm in iowa ! 	i 'm so fucking close to doing it bro . what 's on the menu for saturday ? 
i hope there 's a lot more trades and maneuvering tonight . does n't have to be us , just somebody . last night was way too tame . 	agree just hope its not us . dont wanna give up picks 
well , she did . if my boyfriend told me he did n't think i 'm sexy i 'd want to address that , considering i do n't want to be with someone that is n't attracted to me . 	you can be attracted to someone but still not think they are sexy . cute , sexy , gorgeous , hot , etc . hold different connotations for many . 
words are n't racist , thoughts that inspire words are racist 	racist is a word . that word is racist . 
in this case , i 'm guessing the causation was asians moving in . 	how to stop crimes : make asians move in 
a correlation does not mean it is a causality . 	in this case , i 'm guessing the causation was asians moving in . 
in this case , i 'm guessing the causation was asians moving in . 	you 've clearly never lived in a run - down asian neighborhood 
you find that neighborhood and drop a statute of buddha there to and see what happens . 	i dont think i can lift a statue of buddha though . he 's way fatter than mary 
nope , currently banned under the analogue law , ca n't find it anywhere 	then i would definitely head down there asap and get a script to taper with . benzo withdrawal is nothing to fuck around with and doctors know that too obviously . 
bonfire night , we burn effigies of a man who attempted to blow up parliament . it 's pretty much the exact opposite of an independence day celebration . 	happy continued royal supremacy day !  burn the heretic 
i think if you 're the country that essentially created those countries then that 's basically an invasion . 	but not against the current country . in the case of canada and australia , britain invaded the land and the aboriginal people , but has never invaded the countries of canada or australia . 
but not against the current country . in the case of canada and australia , britain invaded the land and the aboriginal people , but has never invaded the countries of canada or australia . 	i guess the question are we talking about landed or countries .  i 'd say land because many countries they invaded never existed . 
same here in the czech republic . the only solution that makes sense to me is that they were allies of those who invaded us . 	same here in panama . 
i ca n't find a source saying that england ever invaded norway . anyone else having better luck ? 	try looking for when the uk invaded . england is not the name of our country . 
there 's still overseas territory like canada . 	is n't canada only part of the commonwealth , not an overseas territories ? 
bonfire night , we burn effigies of a man who attempted to blow up parliament . it 's pretty much the exact opposite of an independence day celebration . 	my first name is guy and i 'm born in november 5th .  in coming for you . 
but not against the current country . in the case of canada and australia , britain invaded the land and the aboriginal people , but has never invaded the countries of canada or australia . 	i guess the question are we talking about landed or countries .  i 'd say land because many countries they invaded never existed . 
there 's a lot of bad history in your comment , but it 's still pretty funny . 	yeah , i know . in my defense , however , the some of the bad history was part of the joke . it is n't like the original copypasta made much sense either . 
there was no such country as finland then . 	the map does n't count this , otherwise colonial wars would be excluded and the map would be much less colored . 
if you want to appear ignorant to people then by all means , keep using incorrect terms for major western nations . 	wales and scotland are major nations ? they are n't even nations . is idaho a nation ? 
indeed , although they were british too at the time . 	northern ireland is still irish right ? 
uhm , when exactly was switzerland invaded by the british ? 	literally every single occurrence of this picture on the web with a comment section has this question . 
british troops also fought for the white 's in the russian civil war . 	very good use of a - level history 
probably we formed an alliance with someone who then fucked up switzerland . still counts ! britain ai n't picky . 	the only person to have fucked up switzerland is napoleon . 
uhm , when exactly was switzerland invaded by the british ? 	probably we formed an alliance with someone who then fucked up switzerland . still counts ! britain ai n't picky . 
the british never made it that far inland during the opium wars though . 	or the russian civil war . 
what is the primary national holiday in the uk ? 	the double bank holiday this month is pretty nice ! 
damn canadians . so nice that the england gave you your independence . 	canada is not independent . 
when did britain invade mexico ? 	when did they invade el salvador too ? i 'm not the best at my country history but i do n't remember hearing about that in school . 
bahahaha , norway , denmark and finland ! 	i guess they wanted revenge for when a danish king ruled all of britain . 
so from a fellow brit to another . so should you then ! plenty of ancestral shame to go around . 	what ? are you calling me british ? 
i think it 's fine for this purpose . england never invaded california , but we count it as part of the us , even though it was not even a us territory during the last war with england . 	it was also once part of spain , and britain has been to war with spain plenty . 
i think it 's fine for this purpose . england never invaded california , but we count it as part of the us , even though it was not even a us territory during the last war with england . 	right , and they only really controlled the 13 colonies , which geographically is a very small part of what is now the usa . 
on the other hand , the norwegian vikings invaded england all the time . 	they were danish though , norway is only 200 years old 
united states was n't a country at the time of british occupation . nor was it invaded . brits were already there . 	war of 1812 . 
i do n't think america has an empire . if we were trying to spread an empire we 'd have taken mexico way back when , and probably proceeded to mess with canada more . 	see how many countries on earth do n't have us military bases in them - there are n't very many . 
british commandos operated in norway during wwii . i also think they raided a heavy water plant but that might have happened in a book i read , not sure . 	that definitely happened , and it was one of the central points to making sure that the germans could n't create an atomic bomb . 
i ca n't find a source saying that england ever invaded norway . anyone else having better luck ? 	might get further using britain . its actions being what the map is portraying . 
i think you can , we were involved , ergo we invaded . otherwise the americans never invaded iraq either . 	at least they contributed a larger share to that illegal war . 
you have bastille day , if i 'm not mistaken ? i know it 's not a primary holiday , but it is celebrated . 	it 's actually not bastille day in france . it celebrates the signing of some constitution or another , not the storming of the bastille . 
fuck you mongolia . let 's rumble 	would it be possible to fight mongolia with out fighting russia or china since they 're land locked ? 
well , the liberation at the end of wwii could in a way be seen as an invasion by liberation forces . but still .  edit : it were probably the soviets anyway , right ? 	would n't that be an invasion of germany though ? the country poland did n't exist at that point . 
there was no such country as finland then . 	most of these countries were not the same countries they are today when england invaded . 
there was no such country as finland then . 	i think it 's fair to count finland anyway . it happened on current finnish soil and finland existed as an entity within the russian empire . 
fucking mountains are tough as shit man . 	yeah you have to let those fucking mountains finish so they soften up before you try to sail through . 
i ca n't find a source saying that england ever invaded norway . anyone else having better luck ? 	british commandos operated in norway during wwii . i also think they raided a heavy water plant but that might have happened in a book i read , not sure . 
on the other hand , the norwegian vikings invaded england all the time . 	for sure , the vikings of norway travelled everywhere . they even founded the dublin that stands to this day . 
dude , you 're totally fucking up my well thought out plan to import a bunch of topless women in yoga pants into my quiet city . 	i retract my statement on the grounds that you send a bus for me , too . 
that sounds a lot like socialism to me . 	no that sounds like fascism , or communism . 
proponent of small gov 't and personal liberty wants to tell you what type of pants you are allowed to wear . 	this should be the response to every ridiculous social conservative measure that costs money . 
have people tried policing what men can wear ? i did a quick google search but i ca n't find anything . 	in this article they discuss it . going all nipples , men and women . no yoga pants for anyone . maybe a silly comment . i do n't remember my motivation in posting it . 
no kidding , if these guys ruin yoga pants for the rest of us i 'll be grabbing my pitchfork . 	pitchfork ?  grab a bus and help the women of montana relocate ! 
i 've already purchased my ssd , but would it be an issue if i stick with only ssds in my build ? 	not at all , just an expensive solution for data storage . 
but the thing is , whichever region wins msi will be regarded as the strongest region at that time either way . also , pretty much everyone knows that tsm is not a full american team . 	does n't stop them from claiming they are though .  would still rather see bjk win than any other team at the event even if i do n't give a shit about bjk or turkey 
because i ca n't deal with a couple of months of na fans claiming they 're the best in the world and claiming their players are american 	but the thing is , whichever region wins msi will be regarded as the strongest region at that time either way . also , pretty much everyone knows that tsm is not a full american team . 
does n't stop them from claiming they are though .  would still rather see bjk win than any other team at the event even if i do n't give a shit about bjk or turkey 	there will be fans who will take whatever na will get , and then there will be fans who will get all salty and go full 'murican on this subreddit for a bit . 
and yet , it is literally my job to determine whether a person 's claims about the extent of their alleged limitations and existence of their alleged conditions is legitimate . 	in a legal framework , not a medical one . 
it 's totally cool to risk everyone else 's life on the road . 	except i learned to drive like this . i 've dealt with this since i started driving . i know what i 'm doing . 
just chiming in to say invisible disability sucks . i swear i 'm not a lazy ass sleeping in , my hormone levels are off and it 's not my fault . 	exactly . my mother genuinely believes i am just lazy . it 's ridiculous . i do n't understand how anyone chooses to sit around doing nothing all day . 
but . . . it 's never lupus .  edit : my mom actually was diagnosed with lupus , maybe that 's what her pain was actually from . i did n't know that caused pain like that . 	lupus is hell on your entire body , and very difficult to diagnose . my aunt has had it for years . 
except i learned to drive like this . i 've dealt with this since i started driving . i know what i 'm doing . 	yea , said every drunk driver ever . 
what does her being a mother have anything to do with it ? 	to generate concern about the fact that it 's creating offspring . 
do n't worry , i 'm in the same boat . i 've mastered the puke - while - driving - technique . always got my little tupperware container handy . 	can i hug you ? because you make me happy . the rest of these assholes are just offensive . 
how the fuck did you pass your physical without lying to the doctor ? 	i did not . that 's why i 'm saying i know what i 'm doing . i did . not . lie . i 've had these problems since i started and learned to drive with them . 
english is stupid . 	this is harmless , my first language is german 
i feel like even if you 'd been more careful , she probably would have caught it . if you 're sharing the same bed , breathing in each other 's faces . 	i think you are probably right . now wait until the baby starts bringing home stuff . i feel like we all had a cold from october to march . 
i feel like even if you 'd been more careful , she probably would have caught it . if you 're sharing the same bed , breathing in each other 's faces . 	if i 'm even maybe sick , i go sleep on the couch or guest bed 
oh wow these are great ! 	thank you ! the flowers made them a pain in the ass to make , but the cookies were delicious ! 
usually eat about 3 hours before , usually chicken or tuna and a little bit of rice mixed with that followed by 4 - 6 slices of toast 	6 slices of toast ! damn just plain ? 
usually eat a couple slices of wheat bread with peanut butter and a glass of milk 1 . 5 - 2 hours before my workout . drink a cup of hot green tea 30 mins or so before . 	this 1 . 5 hours before seems to be a thing . i have always been like a 30 min after guy i feel hungry again quite quickly ! skinny guy problems 
same , i add salt and some yoghurt on top to sweeten it . what serving size and stuff do you usually go with ? 	it 's usually about a cup or a cup and a half of oatmeal measured dry . just some honey on top , and it 's all good . 
what seat is that ? i 've had my eye on sporty 's for years , never seen a wide seat like that that was n't a springer . 	it 's a mustang cyclone solo seat . it 's pretty amazing . so much more comfortable than the stock seat . 
it 'll never be as good as the john candy version . not even close . 	uncle buck is one of my favorite movies of all time . 
you did n't explain anything though . why is that bad ? 	even though it would be good to bang a milf you do n't do it if its a good friend out of respect for said friend . i get a feeling you 're trolling man 
because banging your best friend 's mom is not the best plan in the world . not if you like your friend . i did n't realize it required an explanation . 	you did n't explain anything though . why is that bad ? 
make a new one . customized with all the best subs . 	that 's a good idea . i think i 'll do that 
that 's a good idea . i think i 'll do that 	well great now she knows . 
wait . . . they play baseball in the uk ? kids barely do that in the states anymore . 	we used to play baseball sometimes when rounders got a bit boring and that was only played when we 'd got tired of football 
no problem at all . when one of the happiest people around here is feeling down i an glad to help . 	you should feel proud of yourself for helping too , pal ! 
i still use the software because i like how it 's set up . my zune died on me though . it was the gears of war edition . 	ah that was a limited edition . i love the software as well . its so user friendly . i hope they never stop supporting it . 
ugh , 1 - clicking does n't work ! 	1 - click is garbage . it forces you to login , pick an address , a payment method , and the type of shipping . 
yep same here . do n't worry ! i bet karma will work out for us in the future . it makes me depressed seeing all these people getting two , and some people like us getting none 	i hope so , buddy . 
to get to the other side . 	why did the chicken ghost call the exorcist ? 
the ocean is so vast that finding a sunk ship at that depth is nothing but amazing luck . 	they 're using the best kit and a thorough search pattern 
i wonder how many other things they 're going to find before mh370 . the ocean 's a huge place , there 's bound to be more to find . 	they should enchant their boat so they have a better chance of finding it . 
that plane never crashed . 	maybe it flew too high into space . 
why would you need a pool in the ocean ? 	because the ocean has sharks and giant squids . 
i wonder how many other things they 're going to find before mh370 . the ocean 's a huge place , there 's bound to be more to find . 	the amount of salvage potentially lurking , the operation might pay for itself in lost nazi gold . 
you always end up finding things you lost when looking for something else . 	tell them to be on the look out for a set of keys to a 1998 honda civic . 
unlikely , we have to keep walking the whole way . no time to stop and chat with them . 	you 'll probably have to shoo them away from the finish line , though . 
cya chopper . hello giants 	oh do n't worry we 'll have giant chopper later . 
one guy who messaged me on sa listed his income as 50k . it 's like , why not put food on the table before getting a sugar baby ? haha 	ha ! i 've had a guy offer to let me drive their crappy cars and one even offered to buy me a phone ! gasp ! 
holy shit ! 8 full hours ?  now i see where you are coming from . even when i travel i do n't spend that much time with one person unless she sleeps over . 	right ? he wanted an overnight for a date instead one day and that 's where i called it off . 
ever get over to seattle ? i 'm hoping to see it in person some time . 	i live in seattle and commute to bellevue during the week ! i do n't drive much on the weekend . i 'm trying to go to more meets in the area though so perhaps i 'll run into you . 
have you thought about doing the thinner spokes pink and the joining center are as well but leaving the center black ? 	that 's an excellent idea actually ! 
it clearly says this is a mod , not original crysis . in original crysis those rocks do n't show up on the beach until you get closer , at which point they pop in out of nowhere . 	yeah but it 's still amazing that mods can make an 8 year old game look better than modern console games . 
it feels like once the a 's win a close game , they 'll literally win 60 straight close games for 3 years just because of the pent up rage 	i 'll believe it when they win 2 in a row . 
we need to be up by 15 fucking runs before i feel comfortable with a lead . 	i too , like to live dangerously . 
oh that is horrible . hopefully you made it home before the food poisoning took effect . 	it actually took 48 hours to take in effect , a common misconception about some food poisoning is that it works fast .  but it was a miserable week 
make it a thing man . i 'm 19 and without a doubt the best part of my childhood was playing catch with my dad . 	absolutely . i have twin girls that are 6 and we play baseball in the street once a week . 
let 's shut 'em down . still got the 8th and 9th to put together a win . 	fuck it . we got this 
i know , but i did turn it on in the 7th last night 	to be fair , the a 's give up a shitton of runs in the 7th inning . 
why pay for something i can get for free ? 	originally got it when it was on sale a few years ago and kept it because it pretty convenient . got an app on my tv and can watch on my phone 
hey , kansas vs . indiana st . softball is on . cool . 	haha . i have been watching fox college sports lately and pac - 12 network . lots of softball . those girls pitch fast . 
i 'm half listening and forgot that there was even anyone there besides glen . 	glen us trying real hard to give chavez something to talk about . 
it 's not a fucking criticism , i 'm just giving my thoughts on cole . not everything 's a debate . 	i 'm not asking for a debate , just more than vapid thought . 
that 's a drake thing to do 	that 's a macklemore thing to he actually did that shit 
tbf macklemore was n't wrong 	idea was n't bad , execution was horrible 
yeah . at the grammy 's . macklemore posted a screenshot of the text to instagram in a move that transcended the humblebrag . 	lol yeah , i mean if he just did that on the low and did n't broadcast that shit it would n't be that bad but posting in on instagram was beyond eye rolling . 
thanks for posting the lyric that pretty much everyone here has heard . 	and probably thought of themselves immediately . 
it 's valid . nothing really is gripping about his music that makes you wanna come back to it . i do enjoy it when i 'm listening tho . 	thats kind of how i feel , i really like him but his music ai n't really that interesting . i still listen to it tho . 
drakes album was solid though , i think it 's close between them . 	i fell in love with drake 's album tbh tho .  fuck ya bitch music and bangers on one album . 
those are n't legitimate criticisms , they 're buzzwords . i have n't heard too many people explain why they do n't fuck with cole in any substantial way . 	it 's not a fucking criticism , i 'm just giving my thoughts on cole . not everything 's a debate . 
drakes album was solid though , i think it 's close between them . 	other than a couple of songs , drake 's album fell out of my rotation pretty fast . but this is all a matter of opinion so it 's whatever . 
he is polarizing then which is good for him . i dont like him but i bet there is at least one person that likes him that much more .  he seems to have a very dedicated fanbase . 	yeah he 's not polarizing at all . that 's being too kind . 
i 'm one of those guys who likes to hear a whole album start to finish , and i tend to get a sense of fatigue when i 'm in the last third of a cole project . 	that 's fine but that just is n't a polarizing response or anything . 
it 's valid . nothing really is gripping about his music that makes you wanna come back to it . i do enjoy it when i 'm listening tho . 	listen to his mixtapes . 
from into to outro i was loving the album , maybe not objectively amazing for everyone . but i thought it was . 	i listen to j . cole 's intro everyday in the car before i go to work with my cup of joe . 
do you still need players ? my husband and i could join ! 	i have a team looking for players , too ! mondays at 7 : 30pm - pm me if you 're interested in playing ! 
it 's heavily tied into steam . get over the valve mod controversy already . 	i have no idea what steam controversy you 're talking about . i buy games from gog because they 're drm free and i work at sea without an internet connection for the majority of my time . 
is there any plan to work on the city management aspect ? i find that city management mechanics are too shallow . 	please elaborate . the general answer to your question is yes . we wish to add depth to a lot of the management and simulation factors over time . 
i do n't think chefs deal with code . 	you are correct .  as a chef i never dealt with health codes . such a waste of time . 
that 's awesome . rare to find a game that can even touch the i5 's .  i 've got a 4670k at nearly 5ghz . i 'll check usage later today . 	i have n't tried mine oc 'd . not sure why i have a k if i 'm not overclocking it , but that 's neither here nor there .  but yeah , it puts some stress on the processor . 
no major changes to industry or public transit yet .  several new unique buildings have been added in this update , though ! 	clearly the answer is to let us build multiple space elevators . why sit in traffic when you can soar over it ? 
is multiplayer in the roadmap by any chance ? or maybe just a distant dream ? give me some multiplayer hope , pls . 	sorry , nope ! maybe in some way or form in a distant future but not planned to be added any time soon . 
makes you wonder how ea managed to fuck up simcity with such a larger pool of resources and cash . 	it 's ea . they had suits who have never seen a video game make decisions based on marketing suits who have never seen a video game . 
pardon my ignorance but he says nothing like that in the post i 've responded to . 	yeah sorry he said it elsewhere , i just wanted to cut him off at the pass if he saw your comment . : p 
can we get an in - built function to change the direction of one - way roads ? using the mod stops me from getting those achievements : p 	it 's already in the game . go to the road upgrade tool and right click the section of the road you want to reverse . 
makes you wonder how ea managed to fuck up simcity with such a larger pool of resources and cash . 	by having a larger pool of resources and cash and thinking that makes a good game . 
is that 13 people developed the game or 13 people are left maintaining and making content ?  every game needs a moo like you . 	actually 9 people for most of the time , we scaled up the last few months . but yes , co is only a team of 13 . add a few publishing people from paradox and that 's all of us . 
does this game give you the options of having the cars drive on the left hand side of the road ? like in australia or the uk ? 	yes . when starting a map you can choose if cars drive on the right or wrong side . 
sleep ? what 's that ? : p 	hehe . it 's that thing you do when you lay in bed and work from your phone . 
hehe . it 's that thing you do when you lay in bed and work from your phone . 	oh ! the horizontal office , yes , i love that place . 
most distinctive , not leading . says it in the title and the picture . 	duh ! you 're right . also , what 's most distinctive is subjective so this map is pretty much pointless . 
yea , we took the trail along the canyon out to the point then on the way back we took the stair - master down to the falls .  so . many . steps . 	yeah is a lot . but worth it , i 'd say 
the gamecube 's . snes adapter is super game boy , if i recall . 	i 'd say you came out on top , plus those are very easy to come by amiibo . if you also got the disc for the player that 's fantastic . 
am i really being down voted wow you pearl stans really ca n't take a joke ? lmao calm yourselves 	you 're being downvoted because the joke was n't funny . do n't take it so personally . 
go to the update menu in settings , then press the menu button and clear update data . 	does n't work for me . 
it 'd look better in green and gold . 	bro , i think you are color blind . you are thinking black and gold . 
honestly , i hated english in school . i just really understand grammar usage 	i love writing . i just underestimated the amount of commas i would need . 
bro , i think you are color blind . you are thinking black and gold . 	navi . i thought you were a swell guy until just this very second . 
im still in high school and for the most part i 'm not hated .  i 'm just single and wish the girl i liked did n't have a boyfriend . 	so many girls that i 've liked have had boyfriends . you 'll find one one day , and then people will start liking you 
if i were the marlins , i 'd be negotiating an extension for next season . 	he 's def going back to seattle next year . 
we won a series ! we won a series ! we won a series ! 	we lost 2 starters but we won a series ! 
so i finished my weekly review of the marlins article . anyone want to read it ? i 'd make a post but everyone 's here . 	im not sure if i want to review that last week . so much sadness . 
who is the home plate umpire ? 	how do i find out ? 
i could see bazemore doing something . dudes a clown . has it out for lebron too . 	yeah he might be the one dude that would do something , but i doubt it 'll actually happen . hawks are nice guys . horford 's hit even avoided delly 's head . 
why not setup a private guild for just you two . then you can pass all the gold and items you want back and forth . 	though new guild members do n't have access to guild bank for several days afaik 
hey , which of you maniacs want to tear shit up in the next job along with me ?  trevor , i 'm looking at you . 	always wondered how you work . 
hey , which of you maniacs want to tear shit up in the next job along with me ?  trevor , i 'm looking at you . 	i 'd love to tag along . if we 're gonna be working together at oscar 's , it would be a good way to get to know each other a little bit . 
and just when i was thinking about going to the red mole for the first time ! 	do n't be shy hun , i do n't bite . ca n't talk for brandon though . 
i 'm doing some detective work over here , trying to dig up some info on other agents . especially jake , i 'm digging up some nasty stuff , some of this shit might get me into trouble . 	shit , man do n't go too deep . we do n't wanna lose any members . 
fuck that . that is bullshit .  give us some actual degraded paint jobs ! neither the python , nor the vulture show any paint wear at all . so lame . 	after watching mad max , all i want to do is cover my ship in rusty metal plating and spikes . 
thank god , we need diversity from all the standard ecchi harem zero - to - hero shit thats out there . 	my first experience with that was sword art online . i had no idea that was what modern anime was like . but there are still good one out there . 
i feel like the actual quote is a deeper cut .  i dig it . 	oh for sure .  the troll - quote is just an old man rambling about stuff he does n't like .  the real quote is a veteran 's words on why he thinks the industry is in a bad shape . 
is n't his stuff popular ? i always here him on reddit . does that mean this is fake or does he really hate what he does ? 	it 's real , he 's just angry because his studio collapsed because it did n't adapt 
which one did you play ? my favorites are awakening , sacred stones , and 7 in no particular order . 	i 've gone through sacred stones a game considered easy by most fans and it still kicked my ass . 
tried to get some activity in the irc channel , it 's dead again after a week . such is life q_q 	i do n't think it 'll ever be active aside from watching announcements together . 
i 'm a bit burned out on chinese cartoons . anyone got any book suggestions ? 	a clockwork orange , ever read that ? 
i say wait a while longer . not just the price drop but they 're releasing free dlc every two weeks so more content for waiting .  especially when its early game stuff . 	alright , i have some back log games to wrap up over break anyways . 
i graduate next week , i 'm fucking terrified of college . 	do n't worry about it . you 'll meet a lot of interesting people . but try to go to a community college first before a university if possible . it 'll save you a lot of money in the end . 
i 've gone through sacred stones a game considered easy by most fans and it still kicked my ass . 	they 're all relatively easy , just punishing for mistakes . it is n't so bad once you know what you 're doing . 
ok thanks , i 'll look into picking it up once this school quarter ends . 	i say wait a while longer . not just the price drop but they 're releasing free dlc every two weeks so more content for waiting .  especially when its early game stuff . 
i tried to tone it down but if we need the truth spoken , then yes .  a lot . 	reach out to the truth , man . it 's the only way to seize on the whole moment and break away . 
later . at work 	cool , now i have something to look forward to . 
not officially but i knew it the second i saw it . he drug his toe into the turf , it stuck , knee went forward and to the side . 	i really , really hope you 're wrong but i do n't think you are . 
obviously staged since it would obviously look fake from inside , oh and op needs to grow some balls  	be kind to op ; he 's already missing an eye . 
or just stand and not move your legs because obviously you 're not falling . 	maybe you have n't started falling yet because like wile e coyote from the road runner , when the ground disappears there 's that scary hovering moment before gravity kicks in . 
can i join you guys ? cuz the cut shows no place for a hidden camera on the ground , meaning this was n't even done in one take .   	i 'm late to this , but i want to join the capable of viewing things critically club . all my other friends hate it when i burst their bubbles . 
obviously staged since it would obviously look fake from inside , oh and op needs to grow some balls  	even before the drop it would look fake since normal floor tiles are n't backlit and behind glass . 
yeah , i 'd leave a stain on the floor . 	it looks like it would wipe clean pretty easily . 
do not stick your penis in the molten chocolate . trust me . 	well , i am sticking in objects that can be considered phallic in shape . 
freedom and power . freedom and power . man , i 'll be happy when i get there . 	come on now , you 're already there . nofap is not a magic pill . it just helps you realize that you can do whatever you damn well please , even if your body is telling you differently . 
nofap is the road to fap . freedom and power . 	exchange fap for fap today at your local nofap subreddit !  edit : wording 
ok good info , maybe i can auto through the trash , i really do n't have a problem with that , i auto giant b9 with some ease as long as i get the crystals first . 	thinking maybe the immunity and water sky dancer will create a lengthy immune period . 
holy shit thats my old knife : d 	do you mind telling for how much you sold it ? 
in that case join a fireteam that has a checkpoint at crota normal , defeat crota run complete hard mode including defeating crota  	thank you . then after getting the black hammer i should just run hm correct ? 
i need word of crota and black hammer . 	in that case join a fireteam that has a checkpoint at crota normal , defeat crota run complete hard mode including defeating crota  
that seems odd - why is the buying season so skewed toward january ? 	i have no idea . it took us by surprise because we came from the east coast where the season starts in march . probably just boulder hippies being different . 
i 'm kinda surprised that there 's night life in louisville ! that 's a plus 	the main road of old louisville where all the restaurants are is great . 
i 'm kinda surprised that there 's night life in louisville ! that 's a plus 	12 degree brewing , pour wine bar , lulu 's , two mexican places and killer summer street fairs . lots to do at night . 
very beautiful pics i love this light effect , it adds a sensual mood 	no effect ! the sun was love in the sky , and very bright 
i might be . can you send me a picture ? 	sure thing you have mail . if there 's some way you 'd like them measured or pictured differently let me know .  i always got frustrated trying to measure them . 
been procrastinating on this . best man in a wedding in may and we need to figure out some gray suits . have n't decided on buy vs . rent yet even . 	renting suits seems like a bad option all around . it 's not going to fit right , probably wo n't be super nice , etc . 
ouch , that is a really rough way to learn the game . probably best to get other board game friends . 	i agree . i always make sure to go easy on people when they play the first few times . 
i had a brief convo with my boss yesterday , when the initial plan was 2 weeks . he said just to use the pto for both weeks , but now plans changed to 3 weeks . so i gotta talk to him again . 	well i assume he 'll want you to use all of your pto . if i were you i would probably push for 1 week of pto and 2 of unpaid . it 's kind of up to what he 'll let you get away with though 
the one time i missed an exam i told the prof i had diarrhea , though i worded it a bit more subtly . i got to take it the next day . i figure that excuse works once per prof . 	i 'm pretty sure that this is the way to get out of almost any exam . nobody will force a person who 's leaking from their hind quarters to sit a 2 hour exam . 
that could get me back in school haha . i dunno though , i 've already taken the path less traveled i suppose . no use turning back now 	well it 's a high school class so that many make it less available 
hahaha that 's hilarious . was it a college course ? 	yeah i took it at the community college in my town , it was a pretty cool class . the professor was always gone though because he was a touring concert pianist as well . 
currently in history of rock n roll . school is in a soft lockdown because of an armed robbery down the street . hopefully i get to stay in this class for the rest of the day . 	that sounds like such a fun class .  your teacher should just throw on school of rock for the rest of the day . 
nice ! now go faster .  my cycling team is having a month long competition on the toughest climb around . 20 minutes efforts are hard . so much mental strength to keep the pace up for that long . 	no go longer ! 
that sounds like such a fun class .  your teacher should just throw on school of rock for the rest of the day . 	it 's the best class i have ever taken . no tests or quizzes and the only work is doing reports on an artist we like for the decade we covered . i just did kanye for 90s - 00s . 
currently in history of rock n roll . school is in a soft lockdown because of an armed robbery down the street . hopefully i get to stay in this class for the rest of the day . 	that could get me back in school haha . i dunno though , i 've already taken the path less traveled i suppose . no use turning back now 
i 'm having trouble finding similar quality to ss in the same price range . i thought about j . crew , but their stuff is way more expensive and a little on the side of too modern for me . 	i think brooks brothers and suit supply are the bottom tier of suits while still being good . i could definitely be wrong in that though . 
i really miss getting big returns you can do stuff with . last year i got 14 bucks back . 	i 'm hoping that my return next year will be much smaller . i adjusted my withholding last week right after i filed , because i 'd rather have the money when i get paid . 
can you wash a dog in a pot ? 	do n't see why not , just fill part way with water , drop of soap , insert dog , close lid . dog will self wash and be clean when you lift the lid . 
drunk me knows french .  sober me absolutely does not . 	i do this with german . and my mom does it with russian . we are neither german nor russian .  everyone has their drunk language . 
i do this with german . and my mom does it with russian . we are neither german nor russian .  everyone has their drunk language . 	mine is spanish ! 
that 's a bold statement . 	it 's actually a question . 
drunk me likes to cuddle . and tries to act on it . i get more childish once i lose my sobriety . 	i like to hug people when i 'm drunk but i think it 's the boundaries getting loosen . i have the urge to hug people i like when sober , i just do n't act on it . 
a sober mans thoughts are a drunk mans actions . 	that 's why i will never drink ! my mind is not a safe beast . 
drunk me got to fuck the hot neighbor . 	same ! fucking the hot neighbor was the best . 
drunk me becomes ratchet as fuck .  sober me is a little bitch . 	yeah , i always talk a lot of shit when i 'm drunk . sober me is well aware that i 'm a little white girl who could n't take a child in a fight . 
the car is cool and all , but does anyone know where i can get those bomb - ass jackets that the man and women on the right are wearing ? 	you can pick them up on the official subaru gear site - everything on there is hella expensive though . 
what sensors watch the sensors ? 	i too watch enemy of the state the other night . 
and thats why you should never run anti - lag on a non - track car . 	sti heads can put up with the abuse . wrx heads not so much . and be prepared to kill turbos 
overkill is pretty difficult for someone with no experience , skill points , and properly modded weapons . 	ya , you kind of forget what it 's like after a while . hold off til maybe level 50 then . 
just make your own pubs and set the level requirement high . 	that being said some joined my framing frame day three loud at iv - 100 but he wore a suit with no skills and starting gear . so high level is no guarantee of being useful . 
i suppose it depends on the person . 	yes , and also on age .  i had the need to be in a relationship when i was in my 20s . that changed over the course of the last few years . being emotionally independent is a huge fucking asset . 
there 's an islamic state now , why not go live in it if you are so keen on your religion ? 	call me crazy , but i prefer my life in the united states . 
take my money ! 	okay . but all you need is a hand , eyes , paper , pencil and the cutting skills of michael j fox . 
7 time mvp , 9 time finals mvp kyrie irving is inducted into the hof . he is widely considered the goat , and the greatest passer of all time . 	so how many people died in the plane crash john wall was in ? 
i apologize , i am not well versed in the ways of cunt destruction 	you can shred it , slay it , destroy it , ruin it , please it , wreck it , rupture it , dice it , mince it , kick it , stab it , penetrate it and finally rape it .  consider yourself educated . 
well sir congrats that joker is one of the best monsters on the early mid game : d 	haha thank you , i know it 's really valuable and he 's doing a hell of a good job ! 
and yet you were the one to post this ? 	can you even fucking read . i made this post making fun of the people who post stuff like this 
what did you season it with and how did you cook it ? 	coarse sea salt and fresh ground pepper . i 'm a purist . 
coarse sea salt and fresh ground pepper . i 'm a purist . 	good man . 
where did you buy the steak ?   	it 's a butcher in nyc called japan premium beef 
advice on t3 shit ? is it as stupid as hit hunters mid air with rock throw 150 times ? 	nest mode is your biggest friend for that tier 3 abduction challenge . hunters are grouped most of the time . 
op says ama , does n't answer questions asked in the first 4 hours . looks more like a bragging thread than an ama . 	i was up most of the night getting this skin , literally i posted this , and went to bed xd i 'm answering them now though ! 
i was up most of the night getting this skin , literally i posted this , and went to bed xd i 'm answering them now though ! 	advice on t3 shit ? is it as stupid as hit hunters mid air with rock throw 150 times ? 
wanna play fetch ? 	i ca n't , i 've already removed said stick . 
how would you play fetch with the stick still in your ass ? 	good point . 
i know it 's about sixty years since he last made a good movie , but , now knowing he 's a fan , i 'd love to see kevin smith write an episode of doctor who . 	that would be interesting thing to see . they have had plenty of writers over the years . i would like to see what smith could bring to the table . 
i ca n't , i 've already removed said stick . 	how would you play fetch with the stick still in your ass ? 
i know it 's about sixty years since he last made a good movie , but , now knowing he 's a fan , i 'd love to see kevin smith write an episode of doctor who . 	hope you realize he is not even 60 . just saying . 
if these fat fucks do n't want to be skeletons so bad then why are they marching to their graves so quickly ? 	fuck that 's a perfect come back , i 'm sad i did n't think of it myself , lol 
training is a lame attempt . the online class that describes phishing and how to make good passwords is easily forgotten that same day . 	yep , but that 's only true for poor training . pretty sure training and security culture are the keys . 
i 'm so glad i belong to neither group .  i love when they do stupid challenge episodes and i love when they do more car - centric episodes . 	yeah as long as we get a nice mix and not too much of one thing i 'm fine with anything . 
what was jeremy doing wrong where he could n't charge his electric car ? 	a lot of charging stations do n't work . it was n't necessarily jeremy 's fault . 
whatever they do is fine by me . i trust top gear and i 'm never left disappointed 	exactly . when they are trying to be funny , the show is amazing . when they are trying to be serious , the show is amazing .  top gear senpai ! do n't ever leave us 
if you buy the car , why would n't you have the app ? 	a rich guy with a nokia . 
see a lot of younger people on twitter calling this boring . this is the best ep i have seen in a while . actually talking about cars , which is why anyone watched in the first place . 	these same people probably loved last week 's ambulance film , which i found a little too wacky . 
thank you mr . may for that random fact about cats . 	on one of his other programs , he explains how cats can theoretically live through a fall from any distance due to their low terminal velocity . he 's at the forefront of car science . 
i 'm so glad i belong to neither group .  i love when they do stupid challenge episodes and i love when they do more car - centric episodes . 	whatever they do is fine by me . i trust top gear and i 'm never left disappointed 
jaden is 16 . give a kid a break . 	he could have done with another year or two though , like now , before filming after earth though . 
having a car controlled by an app seems like a disaster waiting to happen ! 	probably an encrypted connection .  just as safe as using a key remote . 
these same people probably loved last week 's ambulance film , which i found a little too wacky . 	i 'm so glad i belong to neither group .  i love when they do stupid challenge episodes and i love when they do more car - centric episodes . 
if the gt really is generally faster than the gtr , i would not in a million years choose the latter . 	on par performance for half the price ?  gt - r is a reasonable buy , amg gt is an emotional one , that 's it , actually . 
see a lot of younger people on twitter calling this boring . this is the best ep i have seen in a while . actually talking about cars , which is why anyone watched in the first place . 	i 'm sure a lot of people nowadays including me watch it more for the entertaining races and challenges than for the actual car information .   
the colour of the m3 is horrible . 	really ? i thought it was great . that and the bmw red are both pretty sweet imo 
i really like these , thanks for sharing - and thanks for that nice edge shot too . 	thanks ! yeah , the edge pattern on that one might be my favorite part of the coin . never seen anything else like it !   
what does cold weather have to do with a sunset and the statue of liberty ? 	during the winter , the sun comes in at lower angles for a larger part of the day . also those trees would have leaves on them . 
it 's a classic mario cadence , and is in d major , with chords borrowed from d minor . 	mario really does n't get enough credit for introducing so many never - before - heard elements to our musical lexicon . 
this is spot on . very common chord progression 	i played your username .  what 's it from ? 
the fuck is wrong with you ? they do n't have any coke where you live or something ? 	ive been drinking a 2l bottle of coke every other day since i was 12 , i 've always hated pepsi but for some reason last week my tastebuds changed , for the worse . 
iam drinking a pepsi this very moment , ama 	the fuck is wrong with you ? they do n't have any coke where you live or something ? 
would you rather roll with one duck - sized black belt or 100 horse - sized white belts ? 	100 horse size black belts i 'm a man who does n't back down from a damn challenge 
this sounds like less of an ancap thing and more of a general innovation . not that it 's bad for us , i just do n't see how it pertains to us specifically . 	competition between nation - states . 
it 's definitely not worth 40 over market . looks like crap 	yeah i linked him to this post , and he wanted to stick with his price xd told him , good luck ,  you will need it 
that 's better than voices . com by the sound of it . 	ooops , sorry , those stats were for voices . com . other freelance sites can vary wildly from tens to hundreds , but if you have the voice and they have the budget , you 'll get the job . 
and that he was unattractive , hot guys just do n't treat women bad . 	if he was attractive his advances may not have been misogynist abuse .  best to mention that he is , to avoid confusion . 
you forgot about the part where she chuckled in her mind . that was a key part of the story . 	and that he was unattractive , hot guys just do n't treat women bad . 
why does it always end with clapping ? do people normally clap when things like this happen ? 	because she had to not to mention fireworks and orchestra , or else somebody may suspect her of making up the story . 
i did n't know deep sea mining was even a thing ! that 'd be awesome to get into that industry . 	you should check out deep sea diamond mining . i watched a special on it the other day , its completely wild . 
he said lunch , not breakfast 	they serve more than breakfast you know ? 
i always wondered how we got pinky and the brain . 	is n't it canon that they took pinky 's brain and put it into brains head too ? 
you are the one who calls for violence against people 10 , 000 miles away who you know nothing about . i call for an end to violence , you call for a renewal . which ideology is perverse ? 	no idea what you 're talking about . 
we do n't know this yet - hl3 might show that portal technology saves the world .  what is the name of that ship ? the one from portal 2 , that is part of hl lore ? 	ugh stop i 'm just playing through the series for the first time and i was already super hyped for hl3 and now my hype meter is through the roof  
this was a triumph . 	i 'm putting a note here : huge success ! 
how did you paint it white ? i tried to paint mine and the paint ended up cracking and falling off 	like you paint anything and have it last : proper prep work beforehand . 
this was a triumph . 	i 'm making a note here , huge success 
lots of cars park on 26th st . se just off 17 ave . it 's a really amazing place to watch the stampede fireworks too . 	great spot ! 
hospitals are usually non - profit . it 's the insurance companies that need to burn . 	the hospitals might be non profit , but the medical supply and pharmaceutical companies sure are n't , that 's where a large portion of the cost comes from . 
thank you everyone for the support , after 8 hours of surgery my dad is completely stable and resting . this has been the longest day of my life . 	that 's great news ! such a relief . all the best for you and your family ! 
does n't cuba also have , like , ridiculously good healthcare for such a poor country ? 	i would stop short of calling it world class but cuba 's system is the best in latin america and definitely the best for a country in their economic situation . 
does n't cuba also have , like , ridiculously good healthcare for such a poor country ? 	yeah , compare it to capitalist haiti . 
to me it 's completely alien to prey on the sick and poor for profit , it just does n't add up to me , insurance ceo 's are n't even worth the bullets 	fuck it , put them all on an island somewhere and let them live off each other . 
no comment on the jeff - b . rob quote ?  or you just ca n't out parody jeff ? 	he did my work for me in that article . if he made a reddit account , he 'd put me out of business with his seemingly endless b - rob love . 
he did my work for me in that article . if he made a reddit account , he 'd put me out of business with his seemingly endless b - rob love . 	now i 'm thinking you 're actually jeff and not just a parody account 
yup that 's the reference i used !  anna fisher , i really love this picture ! 	really classy , i recognized it immediately . it 's artistic , and it also references real life space history . great job ! 
i had to have that done on both my eyes , it really hurts . i do n't know how the fuck you got that pic . you must have screamed taking it . 	my husband took it . it was a very dark time in my life . at one point part of the stitch was coming out and that was the worst pain ! 
my husband took it . it was a very dark time in my life . at one point part of the stitch was coming out and that was the worst pain ! 	yeah jesus christ . i remember the night after my surgery . death would have been a welcome . the pressure was just crazy especially for a 15 year old 
my husband took it . it was a very dark time in my life . at one point part of the stitch was coming out and that was the worst pain ! 	yikes , mine went as smoothly as it could go i suppose , but damn , at least your eye is better now : d 
how is de gea an example ? he was an established top goalkeeper in spain before he went to utd 	because his opportunity only came when one keeper was injured and another sent off . 
no , i do n't think so but i mean more because of the fact that he continued to drink . i understand how hard it is to get off drink but with such an amazing opportunity , it is to be expected . 	i was more disappointed in the decision to give it to him . he 'd been drinking without a real break for thirty plus years with no indication he was going to stop . 
how is de gea an example ? he was an established top goalkeeper in spain before he went to utd 	did n't you get the memo ? it 's a two horse race in la liga , the rest of the teams are filled with part time footballers 
cool , nice job on the weight loss . i used to cut weight for wrestling so i feel ya 	how did you enjoy the wrestling ? i wanna take some kick boxing classes to tone up , but i 'm not very athletic ! 
why would a short squeeze happen when the price is barely what it was last week ? 	because over 10k btc was opened in a short position around 240 give or take a few dollars ; a lot of people probably had short stops as there was key resistance at 245 . 
the gas filler is on the right side on subaru cars . most cars seem to be left side fill these days . 	oh now i see . i do appreciate that , it makes much more sense if you end up on the side of the road out of gas or something . 
all the way from one end to the other . 	you win ! 
where did you go ? i ca n't see you online anymore : o 	i got dc 'd lol im back though ! 
the laughing seed in downtown asheville is great ! 10 - 15 a plate . i hear plant is also good and want to try it out .   	plant is amazing ; and the only fully vegan restaurant in asheville . it 's about 15 - 20 a plate , though , if cost is a factor . 
he 'll be fine . he 's had top 10 cars both weeks , just bad luck . he 'll make the chase . 	yeah that 's what makes it frustrating though , that two races in a row were ruined for him out of no fault of his own .  it 's way better than finishing the way stewart did however . 
lowest spot for gordon in points since 1996 2nd race . 	and he came back to take the points lead later in the year so i 'm not worried . although i do n't see jeff winning 10 races this year . 
he 'll be fine . he 's had top 10 cars both weeks , just bad luck . he 'll make the chase . 	he 's only gotta win 1 
dude , you turned the game off in anger after the kearse catch .  believe it or not , it all ended up working out for us . 	no i did n't ? i was screaming but i dared not turn away , i had a feeling we would stop them . 
you think he 's eating popeyes for his birthday ? 	mmmmm . popeye 's red beans and rice . 
i know you could n't in source , not sure about 1 . 6 and that other game that is escaping me . 	aah condition zero , the child nobody liked . 
jesus it was a joke , and it was funny , who cares if it 's fake . 	i did n't find it funny because it made no sense really . i 'm not saying you ca n't like the post though , enjoy it , laugh , have fun , i 'm not taking that away from you . 
smh . that sign board could of been out all season after a challenge like that , how is that only a yellow ? 	life ban ? 
anyone who tells you that you ca n't is full of it . sure , you may not be able to optimize one of them , but you 'll still be able to do well at both . 	so they would just need to fill their tdee ? 
10 bucks says none of them die next episode . 	i dunno , i have a really bad feeling about something happening to mike . 
it 's gonna be that hispanic fbi head dude . 	i was thinking him , but i feel like he was referring to either max , mike , or ryan . of course none of them will die but could be the hispanic fbi dude . we will have to see ! 
is he eating dinner with another dead body ?  edit : nevermind , he 's just fucking insane . 	i would say a mirror is an upgrade from a dead body , definitely still crazy though . 
anyone want to guess how many episodes until we see joe again ? 	i 'm betting next week . i think we may actually see ryan and joe working together this season to catch the twin . 
it 's been so long since the last new episode that i 'm honestly having a difficult time remembering who all is dead and who is still alive . 	the crazy mom and one twin died but the other is still alive . 
that 's the thing . i 've seen this episode so i was reading the discussion about it . you put a spoiler in about the next episode . 	ok fine . my bad .  though , its good practice to not browse the subreddit for the show though if youre not caught up . especially for month old episodes . 
to be fair ryan hardy has almost killed as many people now as joe lol . the body count is only going to rise . 	pretty sure hardy 's killed way more people at this point . 
it 's been so long since the last new episode that i 'm honestly having a difficult time remembering who all is dead and who is still alive . 	i do n't even know if joe has died . 
from the sound of it , there 's a third party behind the scenes that has instructed some people to gather around marc . 	and who else wants to bet that it 's joe , or joe - related ? 
not sure , but i think it is a safe bet to assume they will indeed be very low . i 'm in it to win it though , i 'm not quitting till i have one of each color . 	word .  same goes for me . 
i heard the drop rates for the pirate penguins are atrocious .  confirm or deny ? 	not sure , but i think it is a safe bet to assume they will indeed be very low . i 'm in it to win it though , i 'm not quitting till i have one of each color . 
i have nib na rosalina . i 'd be willing to trade her plus pay for both of our shipping costs for your meta knight . 	mind posting a pic or two ? 
is the whole show posted anywhere ? 	i 've only seen this , it was posted by their official youtube page 
does no one else see the fire hazard of having that pikachu sitting on a power strip ? 	i placed the pikachu there for the photo only . normally pikachu is hidden away in my closet - so you do n't have to worry in regards to it being a fire hazard . 
it 's not as bad you think . the hori case protects the decal and system . also , the system is a finger print magnet and i need the case as i bring my 3ds to school . 	got one too . ugly or not it truly does protect the system . it feels very nice in the hands . better even . 
i 've lost a lot of weight eating them with no problem .  i need something to make myself feel better and the choc chip cookie dough ones work great for me .   	i personally agree , but i know it 's a point of quite some contention . 
not really . any transparent primer would work . they do vary in their solvent content and could harm the plastic , that 's why you ought to brush it or do thin coats . 	ah i see , i 'll pick the nicest looking can and try brushing it on lightly . nothing beats good old trail and error ! 
thanks for posting that tip , what brand of primer would you recommend ? we have quite a few primers in my house but i 'm not sure if they are safe for plastics use . 	not really . any transparent primer would work . they do vary in their solvent content and could harm the plastic , that 's why you ought to brush it or do thin coats . 
holy hell thats amazing ! these things usually take a whole lot longer . 	yeah , i was prepared to wait a whole year for this dub once i finished the first season . 
knowing how my bf would dress if he was alone , i have to ask - did you eat without any pants on ? 	no madam or sir , i had jeans on . just because i am alone , does not mean that i cannot dress well . 
what do you mean by the big dipper ? i ca n't see any stars . are you talking about the fountain ? 	they are pretty faint , but they are in the sky in the upper right hand side of the photo . 
it 's more intelligent than not remembering anything . 	no it 's not . it just means you can memorize things .  edit : plus who do you know that ca n't memorize anything ? 
no it 's not . it just means you can memorize things .  edit : plus who do you know that ca n't memorize anything ? 	memorizing complex things and recalling them years later is called being knowledgeable , kid .  who do you know that is intelligent and had no memory ?   
i 'm just going to drop in and say i 'll be on ps4 , likely under the influence , for a few hours tonight . gladly accept anyone who wants to jump on . 	what game ? 
why all the love for west sac ? i always thought it was pretty crummy and crime - ridden . 	it 's changed a lot in recent years . lots of good stuff going on there , interesting development , street car access coming in , better city services than most parts of the region . 
out of curiosity , why ch ? it 's not the worst but it 's not great either . you could be in the city for the same price . 	the city is much more expensive . 
why all the love for west sac ? i always thought it was pretty crummy and crime - ridden . 	it used to be much worse . west sac has improved substantially over the last decade or so . it still catches a bum rap from sucking for so long . 
no fucking way . what the hell ? do n't give the seahawks that kind of weapon 	i feel like the saints are the ones winning this deal . 
i feel like the saints are the ones winning this deal . 	yeah , but do you really want the seahawks to have an elite pass catcher ? 
oh hey sin , its dj 	wait this has been dj the whole time : o 
the speeding ticket thing is a breast cancer awareness game on facebook for women . totally taken out of context here . 	how the hell is anyone supposed to know this . 
the speeding ticket thing is a breast cancer awareness game on facebook for women . totally taken out of context here . 	that has got to be the worst idea for breast cancer awareness i 've ever seen . 
maybe toby has been secretly working on his game and will come out bigger faster and blacker . 	i feel like toby will be better this year . he had a lingering injury last year and i think he 's a lot better than he played last year . at least i hope so . 
so what is to the right of the tea party , then ? 	the evangelical right , and then youve got the fringe militia , and constitutional groups , and past them are groups like the kkk . 
it 's a broadway play . 	i skipped over like half the post apparently . that 's interesting . i 've never seen a play . 
i 've read the book . did n't realize they made it into a movie . 	it 's a broadway play . 
i skipped over like half the post apparently . that 's interesting . i 've never seen a play . 	plays are good . you should see some .  this one was visually incredible as well as telling a very emotional story . 
yeah . that is pretty nice . 	so lucky . that shit is expensive in the us . it 's dumb . 
laying in bed , chatting with a few people . 	how big is your bed ? 
so other than civ 5 , what games do you play ? 	fighting games : 3 
it was a story from trigger warning , a new short story collection that came out last month . 	the one he read at the very end was the october tale from his calendar of tales collection . did he include some of those in trigger warning ? i have n't had a chance to pick that up yet . 
the calendar of tales is included in trigger warning . definitely grab it when you have a chance - i thought it was a really good collection . 	ah , awesome . i love a lot of those stories , it would be nice to have them to hold instead of just online . 
i only caught a little bit of the end . what book did neil read at the end ? 	it was a story from trigger warning , a new short story collection that came out last month . 
the one he read at the very end was the october tale from his calendar of tales collection . did he include some of those in trigger warning ? i have n't had a chance to pick that up yet . 	i have n't actually read trigger warning yet . i just assumed because it looked like he was reading from it and i thought he was doing a book tour for it , but i could be wrong . 
the one he read at the very end was the october tale from his calendar of tales collection . did he include some of those in trigger warning ? i have n't had a chance to pick that up yet . 	the calendar of tales is included in trigger warning . definitely grab it when you have a chance - i thought it was a really good collection . 
i have n't actually read trigger warning yet . i just assumed because it looked like he was reading from it and i thought he was doing a book tour for it , but i could be wrong . 	looks like he did include those stories in trigger warning . awesome ! 
where should he have parked ? besides , the buildings in the picture are a good ways off , it does n't look like the truck is taking up the front row . 	the actual shops are located just to the right of this image . he 's taking up the third , fourth , fifth and sixth rows 
we filter it through expensive sand it 's expensive 	the vodka itself is n't expensive . the only expensive thing is the bottle . 
why do you think the fang is a better arc weapon ? 	range and 27 magazine clip size . also i personally find it easier to get precision hits with a scout rifle than pulse , so feel like effective dps is higher . 
i 'm running that fast as i type this . you 'll have to take my word for it . 	fuck the downvotes , i laughed . 
wife of the puncher tweeted he was just acting , got right up after clip ends . 	very committed to the part of hitting a hard floor without blocking his fall there . 
i do n't think he was knocked out by the punch , i think he was knocked out by his head hitting that metal machine . that 's why you do n't box in places like kitchens . 	yea super dangerous . whenever you hear about those people who die or go into a coma from street fights , its almost always from the back of the head slamming against the concrete not the punch 
that means you look at where he is going , not the ball . 	not in a conversation about football , which is what we 're talking about . 
i 'm not even big into soccer but that last defender takes a horrible angle on the ball . what the hell was he trying to do ? 	he just did n't run fast enough . poor defending , but if he 'd run faster he might 've had a chance at stopping the goal . 
what a good sport . hilarious ! 	have you seen it when they bounce the ball off their heads ? 
i do n't think he was knocked out by the punch , i think he was knocked out by his head hitting that metal machine . that 's why you do n't box in places like kitchens . 	well , you thought wrong . that punch definitely knocked him out , and a jab none the less . haha 
that means you look at where he is going , not the ball . 	and it looked like he was going for his left . playing the ball in soccer means taking the ball away in a tackle . so if you do n't play the ball , it 's a foul . 
you mean rooney , not soccer , right ? 	you 're getting downvoted as you did n't call it football 
i 'm not even big into soccer but that last defender takes a horrible angle on the ball . what the hell was he trying to do ? 	he does n't , it is poor defending but the angle is n't the issue , your always told to defend by running back sideways , so you can cover a bigger area and turn quicker . 
i do n't think he was knocked out by the punch , i think he was knocked out by his head hitting that metal machine . that 's why you do n't box in places like kitchens . 	i agree , but in this case , he was out on contact . 
if that level of exercise causes him to pass out he should seriously consider a new profession . 	i 'd like to see you run at that intensity for 90 mins , off you pop . 
i 'd like to see you run at that intensity for 90 mins , off you pop . 	i 'm running that fast as i type this . you 'll have to take my word for it . 
well , you thought wrong . that punch definitely knocked him out , and a jab none the less . haha 	not at all , he may have been dazed by the punch , but you can hear his head hitting something as he falls which is much more likely to have been the cause of him being unconscious . 
though they are n't called jerseys in football . 	no one cares . you know what he meant by jersey . you 're bleeding insecurity with that shit . 
very committed to the part of hitting a hard floor without blocking his fall there . 	you do n't see his head hitting the floor . he could have done the same thing as he did in the goal celebration , keeping his head from hitting the floor hard . 
at the end of the game ? stretch sets lamar and franklin up . before he sets you up ? because stretch is an asshole . 	plus franklin seems to be done with everyone 's shit . he 's got his eyes set on the big heists . he wants to move on and forget about the gang life 
after buying the mini air 32 i find out the knobs do not work in fl studio but everything else is fine . trying it out on ableton as we speak 	get back to me on that , i have live too . 
the game has come so far since it first joined early access . i think rushing it to release in the final hour would be a huge mistake . 	i agree . i would still love the game because i know squad would eventually make good , but new players who join in for the 1 . 0 release would be expecting a finished product . 
is n't all that ram usage a consequence of all the mods though ? implementation of those features directly into the game could run more smoothly , but i could be completely wrong . 	as the op in the root of this thread said , if you play for long enough and have enough stuff launched in vanilla it can still crash due to memory usage . 
so , does that mean they 'll scrap the resource system ? it 's 0 . 17 all over again ! 	they 're keeping it , just not releasing the next version as 1 . 0 . 
seriously , the game has been so popular during it 's alpha stages that no one is honestly waiting for 1 . 0 to buy it . 	especially not when those same people can see what it 's like now and have had the opportunity to buy for a lower price than what squad will be asking when they push out 1 . 0 . 
tuna salad ! drained can , shot of mayo , shot of lemon juice , little bit of sweet relish and you 're done ! it 's better after a day in the fridge , too . 	i do a can of tuna with half a cup of cottage cheese , some halved cherry tomatoes , oregano , salt , and pepper !  hello protein town ! 
have you ever tried tuna salad with avocado instead of mayo ? the avocado makes it really creamy , and it 's a little healthier than your standard tuna salad . 	my favorite ! i mix up tuna with an avocado , some salt , and some olive oil . mix salsa in there too if i 'm feeling jazzy . 
do the canned veggies stay solid or fall apart ? 	i would imagine frozen veggies would work a lot better . i think canned veggies would fall apart after sitting in broth for 8 hrs . 
no matter what the sport , i judge a season successful if rice is defeated . 	a lot of people pushed the panic button way to soon on this team . 
i think they have all hands on deck for the lag issue and polishing off the imperial city if everybody is n't on console stuff . 	just hope the lag gets fixed then the game will be perfect , i quit after the lighting patch , but back now , you said pvp was fixed in 1 . 5 ? so it will be eventually fixed now right ? 
hopefully the resources to work on this become available soon ! i would love this . 	i think they have all hands on deck for the lag issue and polishing off the imperial city if everybody is n't on console stuff . 
i did . for some reason i ca n't copy and paste the think . if you head over to the xbox store it lists the predator as part of the kombat pack 	yeah thanks ! 
rebel 's b ultra should be changed to make allies hold the same weapon . with throne butt , imagine : rapid fire ultra disk gun or rapid fire nuke launcher 	assuming it does n't eat up your ammo , double minigun would be fairly broken . same with super crossbow , and any spammy weapon . especially with the throne butt fire rate bonus on allies . 
the other day on the dev stream it was confirmed as fixed . 	rip infinite water boosting . 
i really hope they fix fish 's throne butt . 	the other day on the dev stream it was confirmed as fixed . 
that did it . i tried turning it on and off , reset my computer , but i did not think about the cords . thank you very much ! 	my desktop turned purple , a quick tap on the cable fixed it . 
then i guess it must be a texas thing because they do n't sell chocolate anymore . they used too , now it 's not even an option . 	well it 's because chocolate is brown , and some patriots raided all the mcdonalds and chucked all of it over the border wall . 
then i guess it must be a texas thing because they do n't sell chocolate anymore . they used too , now it 's not even an option . 	i 'll check on my way home , but i 'm fairly certain they still sell it in the state above you . you could always hit up a dairy queen though . 
you can not argue against the life long value of pink tits . 	i can when a horse 's head is attached to the body . 
yeah , she still tastes the same to me . 	well shit , i walked right into that . 
color determines how healthy a food is ? 	actually , colouring stuff in bright unhealthy - looking colours is a good way to tell people not to drink stuff like anti - freeze and petrol . 
we can all day something bad about another state . but i think we can all agree , at least it 's not detroit . 	you guys do n't understand the college basketball hate lol 
3 day ban is now end of world . lol 	lol not the point : p 
lol . ok , just keep telling yourself that while you wack off to fantasies of your sister . 	i do n't even have any siblings amigo 
people like stranger shit in this world , friend . beside , it 's all innocent - i highly doubt that a majority of people would ever actually want to even think about acting upon it . 	lol . ok , just keep telling yourself that while you wack off to fantasies of your sister . 
what is with all the stupid brother sister scenarios ? if that 's your thing , seek professional help . i 'm tired of seeing this shit here . 	people like stranger shit in this world , friend . beside , it 's all innocent - i highly doubt that a majority of people would ever actually want to even think about acting upon it . 
did you read what i wrote ? 	pretty sure that quote is from the newspaper not an interview . 
enemy ? at this point the knicks are like that neighbour you pity , not hate anyways cool photos op , glad you were able to pull through so well 	i would n't go that far . they did beat the raptors at that game . 
until we get rid of the queen and take her off our money , we 're just loyal subjects of the british crown . 	yeah i mean why would we wanna have any connection to our history and heritage , we should just stick a beaver on the other side of the kids playing hockey . 
hello and welcome to the sub ! i 'm beth . it is great to meet you ! 	nice to meet you , as well : 3 
so do you people still think howie should have been pulled ? i 'd like to hear some arguments . 	yes . but because it sends a message to the team - did n't work though 
thank the hockey gods for small miracles . we 'll be better after tonight . this team is too good to let tonight 's game happen again . 	i want to believe you , but this team has been consistently horrible . the good games being anomalies . 
w - l - l - w - l - l - w - l - l - 	w - l - l - w - l - l - w - o - l 
he 's so damn strong on the puck . just give it to him , he 's the only one playing for something . 	he is so fun to watch ! oh i should 've included jurco too , he looked very driven out there tonight . 
seriously , bench nyquist for a game or two . without him we may very well have won this game . 	i love how everyone 's solution in this sub is benching players . like that 'll magically make them better overnight . 
according to everyone here when a player does n't play to their expectations the automatic solution is benching them . ffs 	because that 's what happens to bad players . why is it ok for nyquist to be this terrible and still get 15 minutes of ice time per game ? 
what do you guys think ? will it be a fun game mode ? 	not really . it 's pretty much brawl on a map that is terrible for brawls . there is already good custom game maps for brawls . 
meanwhile in texas , they 're working on making it an obstruction charge to record police . 	that 's not what that bill is trying to do 
not being provoked by stupid and criminal is half of what police training is . 	then they should go back to school . 
if you 're able to sign in with your cable account on fx go , do it . all seasons are on there . 	i honestly do n't know if i can . i just found it on the on demand menu , saw that season 6 and 7 are on there , and started going buck wild with it . 
oh fuck son , these are some great vibes . 	their 2012 album is amazing and this new album is shaping up to be amazing as well !  just make sure you dont confuse them with the canadian band haha 
no idea what you 're talking about , totally fits with the outfit . 	it needs to have a full mask to cover back of head d : 
iirc , the physical copies are out of print right now , which is why the prices are all jacked up . should be able to snag a digital copy for normal retail price on the eshop , though . 	there were five of them at a german tech store that i went to . are they only rare in the us ? i picked one up anyway because i 've never played oot . pretty amazing game so far . 
man i take 2 scoops of gat pw , 5 hours before sleep time and i 'm fine lol 	i usually take 2 scoops of creatine straight to the dome before bed and i 'm fine . 
i had to open a support ticket and upload my invoice , and they mailed it . 	what if you had bought it at a store ? been a few months since i got it , do i just need to show proof of purchase ?   
calling my mum a bitch and making her cry when i was a teenager . i 'm not an asshole anymore , but i really wish i could take back that moment . 	you ca n't take it back , but can you apologise ?  the fact that you might still be thinking about this , years later , shows how much you care . i 'd urge you to call her , if possible . 
did you leave it in your car or something ? 	i got it for easter but my mom accidently left the candy in the car and it got hot . i should taken a picture of the melty chocolate bunny but i ate it already 
is n't northern iraq like one of the most dangerous places in the world right now , especially for westerners ? 	it 's not so bad , although mosul is right next door . 
is that anything like all the hats and shirts of the losing super bowl team that wind up on starving kids in africa ? 	no , because the leafs are never in the position to win anything . 
a . k . subban 	p . k . sudan 
is n't northern iraq like one of the most dangerous places in the world right now , especially for westerners ? 	no . not in kurdistan . one of the most stable places in the middle east . 
is n't northern iraq like one of the most dangerous places in the world right now , especially for westerners ? 	yeah , but habs fans do n't care for danger . 
not really . white people tend to be better at taking jokes than other races . we do n't usually go crying to srs or tumblr or twitter whenever a joke is made about us . 	is that a joke ? they run to the defaults or tia to whine about triggers when they 're clearly triggered . 
what do you call it when a white person robs you ?  capitalism . 	what 's the scariest thing about white people ?  the skeleton . 
wait actually ? lol . i was joking but it might be a good idea . just take all the subs that have similar names just to stop migration . 	yes , we 've actually discussed it . the posts are hilarious for the most part , but the comments rarely add anything . 
what 's the difference between someone sent to jail for drug use and someone sent to rehab for drug use ?  a few hundred grand and a few shades of skin . 	q : what 's the biggest difference between white people and black people ?  a : you can tune a piano but you ca n't tuna fish . 
sad , all the comments are nuked . no bot ? 	top comment 's the archive bot . 
and you seriously think that was n't just mods nuking drama to put out the fire ? 	no idea . i do know that there 's a lot of butthurt in what we saw before it got nuked . 
watch this 5 hour stormfront - approved documentary before you reply to me again !   	and if you do n't agree with me , it means you have n't seen it ! 
i have to confess , i thought that sub was funny until i realized it 's just a bunch of clueless white people . that place is pure trash . 	it 's still funny as long as you avoid the comments . i was showing this exact joke to my friends last night . they thought it was ducked up but they laughed . 
what 's the scariest thing about white people ?  the skeleton . 	dude that 's the scariest thing about anyone . spooky as fuck man . 
it 's still funny as long as you avoid the comments . i was showing this exact joke to my friends last night . they thought it was ducked up but they laughed . 	i 'm not giving people like that any more attention than i absolutely have to . i 'd rather just visit the actual black twitter . 
my favorite white joke :  what do you call a violent white man ?  officer 	what do you call it when a white person robs you ?  capitalism . 
have you considered completely disabling comments ? just go for the final solution option . 	yes we have discussed this multiple times . we might end up doing it eventually but right now we 're not sure . 
is there a stereotype that white people ca n't take jokes about white people ? because if not , we 're watching a new stereotype be born 	i actually found the call of duty vs 2k joke really funny . it is kinda like watching a stereotype being born though . a lot of people did not take kindly to that joke . 
i 'm not giving people like that any more attention than i absolutely have to . i 'd rather just visit the actual black twitter . 	i do n't blame you . i do n't use my twitter so it 's convenient for me to just find this stuff here . 
is there a stereotype that white people ca n't take jokes about white people ? because if not , we 're watching a new stereotype be born 	whoa buddy , stereotypes like that can be pretty hurtful . would you say that about black people ? 
is there a stereotype that white people ca n't take jokes about white people ? because if not , we 're watching a new stereotype be born 	does the stereotype of germans having no sense of humor count ? 
most redditors in general just upvote and do n't read the comments . they live a happy existence . 	i have a hard time believing that . source ? 
do n't succumb to the temptation . act , do n't talk . show her that this is not acceptable , do n't talk to her about it .   	roger that . having some difficulty coming up with the show part . about all i can come up with is cut back on things she expects . i appreciate your u input as always . 
islanders - caps looks like it 'll be the match up in the first round . that would be a great series ! 	as long as we do n't play the rangers 1st round , i 'm perfectly fine with any scenario 
as long as we do n't play the rangers 1st round , i 'm perfectly fine with any scenario 	rangers will be the first seed . unless the caps lose all their next games they still have their division spot against either the pens or the islanders . 
i 'm personally confident that we can take any team in the east in a 7 - game series . 	i 'm confident of that too , but i 've been confident of that about other teams and it 's all gone to shit . playoffs are terrifying . 
i would n't suggest it , i 'm house - sitting for a friend so knocks on my actual door will be greeted by my weapons enthusiast brother or lovable but very large dog 	guns and a dog ?  sounds like a northern virginia party already . 
it 's ovi 's turn to hoist the cup this year . 	we need a first round win more then you need a cup . 
they would still have to lose the rest of their games . pretty fucking impossible at this point . 	if the sens run the table the pens need to lose one other game , not both . 
for one night , i was a leafs fan , and they actually won . i did n't deserve that joy but those guys gave it to me anyway . 	hold on to that feeling of joy at a leafs victory as long as you can . it 's the last time in a long while anyone is going to feel it . 
guns and a dog ?  sounds like a northern virginia party already . 	open carry state , baby . 
my team is trying to kill me . 	we should hang out . 
now i can root for ottawa ! 	too late now , sadly . 
this is the most confusing day ever . the redwings , penguins , bruins and capitals were cheering for the leafs tonight . 	for one night , i was a leafs fan , and they actually won . i did n't deserve that joy but those guys gave it to me anyway . 
i really wish you would n't . the votes should choose what is content , not you . 	to clarify . most posts have names , free companies , servers , tons of personal information . 
who cares honestly ?  i do n't mean to be rude but i mean lets all relax . it 's a 5 minute comedy sketch on a talk show . it 's not a big deal . 	people take things to serious sometimes . i found it hilarious even with the goof . why would i let that little slip ruin it for me anyway ? 
tell me again how turkey is connected to the north atlantic ? 	through a sea not unlike the baltics . also notice the several landlocked countries in nato also not directly connected to the atlantic . 
that 's because people lack basic knowledge of history . but ask them about gta v and they 'll tell you more than you could ever care to know about it . 	or maybe because everybody involved with nazi germany or imperial japan in any meaningful way is dead and the attitudes in those nation towards those eras is decidedly negative . 
tell me again how turkey is connected to the north atlantic ? 	it 's next to europe and russia , close enough . 
or maybe because everybody involved with nazi germany or imperial japan in any meaningful way is dead and the attitudes in those nation towards those eras is decidedly negative . 	culturally , japan could not possibly be more different from imperial japan . i think they 'd have a civil war before they 'd have another war of aggression . 
i do n't know much about this , but i thought japan did n't really have military forces as a consequence of some treaty that got signed after wwii ended ? 	they have a defense force that is well trained and maintained . it 's mostly a matter of labeling it as their self - defense force rather than standing army . 
you are aware that the us fought not a single one of the last wars alone ? 	and that is relevant in what world ? for the record i 'm not even american . any countries participating in the us 's wars could have been just as easily replaced by more american action . 
except this actually makes a good point , because by the same logic japan is connected to the atlantic via the pacific . 	but the mediterranean is a sea , while the atlantic and pacific are oceans . sea is subordinate to ocean , oceans are not to each other . 
i mean , yeah , especially since us soldiers rape japanese women so often , it would be totally worth the money . 	so often that it 's a major , newsworthy event when it happens every decade or so . 
that 's all i can think of right now , i 'll test it out when i get home and see if i can come up with something .  btw are you using infinity ? if so , which version ? 	infinity 1 . 2 . 1 .  i will check back in the morning here is aus , before work . 
only thing to suggest is to get your server admin to update to 1 . 3 . 4 . it 's the recommended version now and has a lot of fixes . 	1 . 3 . 4 of infinity ?  could you link me a changelog if you have one handy mr admin ? 
he deserved it because you ca n't avoid him when you see him turn into the goalie ?  right . glad this community has chill . 	i did n't expect it the first time . i avoided him every other time lol . why do you keep defending people who cheat the game ? 
i see nothing wrong with it . he deserved it for exploiting the game . i have nothing to do anyway . 	he deserved it because you ca n't avoid him when you see him turn into the goalie ?  right . glad this community has chill . 
they are n't going to take steps back , even if those steps backwards would be for the better 	if going back to simple movement would improve the game , then it would n't be a step backwards , would it ? 
i do n't care about her song . i just want to see her with her shirt off . 	she said she did that play nude back in the day . surely someone must have pics . 
i 'm heading to thailand soon for a trip and i 'm trying to learn as much as possible before going . so you 're saying not to fuck the snakes ? 	do n't fuck with lady boys lol or any girls for that matter 
because unlike humans , animals never make mistakes . 	if the snake 's intent was to make a mistake , its most certainly would have . 
snakes talk with a lisp . 	i 'd have thought they 'd have moved to python by now . 
i see a lot of comments joking about the snake being drunk , but this is exactly how you fight when you wake up to a stranger in the room . 	that 's what happens when you find a stranger in the alps . 
nothing like a drunk guy that swings at you and misses five times before you realize he 's trying to fight . 	or very aggressive dance - off . 
imma getcha ! imma getcha ! 	i 'm gonna getcha getcha getcha ! 
is it blind in one eye ? its like it had no depth perception at all 	its blind in both eyes actually . snakes barely have any eyesight at all and rely on their sense of smell . 
its blind in both eyes actually . snakes barely have any eyesight at all and rely on their sense of smell . 	buddy must have had a strong odor ! 
you used a japanese word to make a joke from an english speaking country about something that happened in thailand .  the internet is fucking weird , man . 	its because reddit commenters try too hard . 
its blind in both eyes actually . snakes barely have any eyesight at all and rely on their sense of smell . 	their vision is based off motion . hello people ! has anybody ever seen jurassic park ? 
do yall wear boots ? 	hell no every one wear flip flop . boots only gets worn when muddy , flooding , and working in tall grass . 
i thought they could see in infrared . 	some species of snakes do actually . but most have very poor eyesight and analyze their environment by smell and by feeling small vibrations in the air . 
is it blind in one eye ? its like it had no depth perception at all 	look man cut him some slack have you ever been a snake , no , i dont think so 
its blind in both eyes actually . snakes barely have any eyesight at all and rely on their sense of smell . 	and pit vipers use highly sensitive heat sensing areas of their face which are wired into the same areas of their brain which processes sight . so it 's probable that they can see heat ! 
would we be allowed to multi - task , i . e . reddit whilst on the job ? 	oh man . i love reddit . haha . 
what 's the content ? what 's the pay ? 	the content is sensitive information , the pay is standard office entry , i do n't have the figures off the top of my head , but i 'll look into it and update you . 
the content is sensitive information , the pay is standard office entry , i do n't have the figures off the top of my head , but i 'll look into it and update you . 	cool , thanks . is it legal ? medical ? personal data ? numerical ? just a general idea 
have fun but be careful . my one week hiatus turned into a month long binge . it can be hard to get back .   	i 'm limiting my non keto to my vacation . i 'm hoping it will break my stall as well . i got into a big rut 
why loop the fucking video to play twice and then cut it off right before the important part the second time ? 	i think the dude in the video was the one who edited it too . 
hm . today i learned .  but that still does n't say why they cut it off . 	they met the minimum requirement for ad revenue and gave zero fucks beyond that . nothing more to it . 
man , this guy is a walking disaster . 	just sit down man . you 're drunk 
why loop the fucking video to play twice and then cut it off right before the important part the second time ? 	to provide an opportunity to allow the viewers to subscribe to their shitty channel . 
why loop the fucking video to play twice and then cut it off right before the important part the second time ? 	ad revenue , gotta be longer than 30 seconds to get that sweet sweet money . 
pac - land is better , and add mini shrooms to the mix 	do n't forget the occasional bunny ears to put one ahead of all the other macs 
there 's obviously no solution on a micro level .  however , on a federal vs . regions level , it is entirely doable , through a different distribution of tax income . 	it is doable but you need to turn back a whole lot of the decisions made in the last two state reforms . 
so you want a pic before talking or we talk then i send you a photo ? 	shes making a collage probably . i dunno : p 
i only own and buy nintendo games for the wiiu , well , i smell fanboys downvoting me right now , but who cares , scrubs . 	understandable , i just cant help but imagine how much fun it would be to play this game with motion controls . 
i only own and buy nintendo games for the wiiu , well , i smell fanboys downvoting me right now , but who cares , scrubs . 	why are you getting upvoted . there are some great 3rd party games on the wii u and indies . also calling others scrubs for disagreeing with you is kinda a dick move . 
i only own and buy nintendo games for the wiiu , well , i smell fanboys downvoting me right now , but who cares , scrubs . 	why would fanboys downvote you for only buying 1st party games ? regardless i buy games that i 'll enjoy , do n't really care who makes them . 
i trust the mod staff to keep it together . 	we cant post memes here , or any other low effort content , so were safe from that . 
man , this is such a well modded , friendly sub . i really hope it does n't go the way of the bigger comic subs once the inevitable movie boom hits . 	i do n't think it will . marvel studios , the sub dedicated the marvel movies only , still has about 60 000 less subscribers than marvel comics has , a sub with anything marvel . 
right wing movements across europe are growing . history is cyclical . 	greece just elected socialists , italy did in 2014 , and it looks like spain will too in their election later this year . 
i 'm more concerned by the fact that she seems hell - bent on self harm by proxy . 	i seriously doubt you care about her well being . 
a serious threat that needs to be terminated by killing them ? 	i thought she just wanted to ship them back , not actually murder them ? 
but it 's katie hopkins , the left ca n't actually read what she says without trying to add their own tilt to it . i thought that was known on here ! 	the left struggle with anything that contradicts their little utopian world where consequences do n't matter and money grows on trees . 
calling for the deaths of hundreds of people is pretty tame ? 	well it certainly has a utilitarian view behind it - if you make an example of one wave , the next waves wo n't happen . 
greece just elected socialists , italy did in 2014 , and it looks like spain will too in their election later this year . 	so your future is socialism ? good luck with that . 
space gray macbook is the best looking machine ever imo . that edge to edge keyboard and thin design is amazing . 	it looks great , but the keyboard is terrible to type on . 
best looking machine ever . ca n't wait for a space gray rmbp to come out ! that 'll be the hottest seller for sure . 	space gray macbook is the best looking machine ever imo . that edge to edge keyboard and thin design is amazing . 
they are a local company to phx and i know a ton of people that have one . if you have any questions hmu . they are great boards . 	i ca n't think of any right now but when i do i will hit you up 
careful when you skate alone , cause if you fuck yourself up there is n't anyone to help you out , maybe skate chill spots alone 	good advice man , i never really thought about that before . i 'll keep that in mind ! 
i love mine .  lots of wheelbase options ,  very grippy , durable , fast .  my drop top special is going to be similar , just slight tweaks , if you want to wait for that 	i 'll be sure to keep an eye out for the drop top . what kinda tweaks does it have ?  thanks man , i 'll probably end up buying it either later this year or next year . what setup do you have ? 
i feel like i know the road you 're talking about but i 've only been to the foothills once to skate . does it have a lot of traffic ? 	no , it was actually pretty quiet . i can pm you the location , if you want . 
idk they arent to bad . they have really big cores 	good point , i somehow missed that at first glance . what will you put them on ? 
how would you describe the difference between cast and percussion trucks ? 	percussion trucks ? do you use them to play drums ? 
i your feet are n't supposed to be level , the one you bring around should go ahead of the one you keep on the board . 	thats interesting , ive seen several dancers keep them level , i wanted to keep them level so i could keep doing the trick without worrying about running out of room 
why is it that i can dh at 40 mph and not fall , but i 'll cruise and fall going 10 mph 	why can i rip going 60 but have to fight with myself to drop in on a 7 foot drop .  cause we dumb 
thats interesting , ive seen several dancers keep them level , i wanted to keep them level so i could keep doing the trick without worrying about running out of room 	i 've only ever seen it done bringing the foot up a bit , and then when they reach the nose they turn around and go back down the board . 
what to do when i 'm in seattle this weekend ? is it worth bringing a board ? 	worth it , the city is packed with nice hills to skate if you 're not into that its really fun to cruise around and do a little street 
is a switchblade 36 to small if i 'm 6 '3 ? 	yes it is . but you should also buy another board - the switchblade is extremely uncomfortable . look at a pantheon drop board instead 
are you drifting or gripping ? either way , sounds like you could use more weight on your front foot or replace the vicious if it 's worn . 	i just bought the grip so it must be weight . i went back today and tried i few tips . 
the women were at the party were 7 , 8 , and 9 , maybe 10 . thank you for all the input and advice brother . ive been in a funk lately . fuck 	anyone can fuck a party slut . can you keep a good girl attracted enough to you to not want to cheat is the real test . 
anyone can fuck a party slut . can you keep a good girl attracted enough to you to not want to cheat is the real test . 	thats a good way to put it . the harder part first is finding , or creating , that good girl . then you have to keep her hooked too 
because media theft is rampant and everyone has some how justified it as ok . just because something is expensive and you want it does n't make it ok to steal . 	except i 'm not using it to steal . i 'm using it to access media at an acceptable price . 
you 're absolutely wrong . but why do you think they should be banned ? 	because media theft is rampant and everyone has some how justified it as ok . just because something is expensive and you want it does n't make it ok to steal . 
i mean in the material world . 	christians believe we will become immortal in the material world ! we believe in the resurrection of the body and the life of the world to come ! 
given the terrific advancements made in medical science between the first century ce and the present day , it already has . 	im talking about adding millenia to ones life , not decades . 
do n't worry , you wo n't be required to live on earth forever , we 'll just harvest your organs so the rich people can live forever . 	fine by me . better than medical immortality . besides i 'm already an organ donor , so that 's already happening . 
i imagine a lot of us would opt out , one way or another . living forever on earth sounds terrible . 	what about space ? or other planets ? 
no , they faked several . they fake fiber analysis , bullet matching , and lie detectors too . 	wait do you guys have sources for this stuff ? let 's compile a fat list and pass that shit around . i think people might care more about this than surveillance 
same ? triple damages . you do three years for every one year you locked up an innocent person . of course that would probably result in multi - thousand year sentences for most of them . 	have you ever tried to kill a person 3 times ? it 's not easy , believe me . or do n't . 
they 're plastic , unfortunately . all of them . and a very soft one at that . i 've cleaned gw plastics before with success . but thanks for the information . always appreciated ! 	oh , plastic is 10x harder ! i wish you the best of luck . 
was your foot in the door because the game was closing you in ; or was it to keep the door open as it was being shut so that you could get out ? 	keeping the foot in the door so that it does n't fully close . so that you can still go back . 
oot is arguably the greatest game ever made . play it as soon as possible . 	okay that 's my next one i 'm playing . mm is the sequel right ? do they have oot for 3ds ? 
freddy , my fucking head is gone . 	here is is your fucking head , you insufferable piece of garbage . 
it would work if he used a pay phone to call it in , but those do n't exist any more . 	would just give a little more time before getting caught . the way security cameras are these days it may actually just give them a quicker picture of who the person who called it in was . 
the 21st sounds like an option . perhaps we would also like to look into a small draft party meetup even though we do n't currently have a first rounder . 	i 'll be in miami for it but you guys can totes meet me down there for a marlins game . i hear they pay you to go . 
everyone should come to california for the meet - up ! that makes sense , right ? : d 	meet - up at oakland a 's game confirmed . 
i will be in 40 minutes , eating with the fam 	sounds good , enjoy your meal . 
you want to have sex with my son do n't you ! 'no 'why what 's wrong with him ? 	does he have good aids or bad aids ? 
here is a paedophile cleverly disguised as a school ! 	you want to have sex with my son do n't you ! 'no 'why what 's wrong with him ? 
i really hope he uses that face mask , looks so mean 	it 's illegal in the nfl . only justin tuck can wear it for some medical reason . 
how does it work ?   	make an account with the site and then download the torrent file . you will need a torrent client like deluge in order to open it . 
i would do bad things to drive this beast .  i should put tracks on my truck 	they are n't all that expensive when you compare them to the kind of tires you would need to achieve similar performance . 
she is allergic to dogs ? only at least semi - sane explanation i have . 	and she ca n't admit it , otherwise op would definitely get a dog 
it 's the one major life decision most people do n't even take five seconds to think about . 	now that people think about it birth rates drop like stock rates in 2008 . 
can i see your tail ? 	it 's way to late to get good lighting , will tomorrow 
he did n't make this . the bazaar . tf site is used by team fortress 2 traders to sell and buy shit . the site devs made this game for an even they were having . 	yeah , i would n't have the skills to make this look so nice anyway . : p 
there 's a chance to get hats . if you get a duplicate hat , you sell it for a decent amount . 	thanks . i got a lot with no results so i did n't know if it was just rare or a feature that was n't implemented . 
i wonder if god knows what it 's like to experience sinful things ? 	christ may not have sinned , but he knew the burden of sin . 
so everyone is saying eternal command , but it seems as if the deck has died off . anybody playing it ? 	i played it at fnm a few months back deck is fun . not tho best but can definitely take down a fnm size event if played well 
i think he 's suppressing the memory that ottawa actually lost to montreal . 	those ott guys sure do have a short memory . 
every once in a while , the kid getting bullied gets mad and kicks the living shit out of the bully . tonight was that kind of night . 	meh , tampa and us have a pretty solid back and forth thing going on . we destroyed them last season . 
this was the same exact situation the jets were in with the ducks . unfortunately it did n't end the same way 	you guys won a game an elimination game ?  edit : was 5 am . could n't compute full comment . 
great game habs . you guys certainly deserved and earned that win . see you guys saturday . 	agreed . they 've outplayed us the past two games . we got lucky on that buzzer beater last night . 
i really wanna play this shit now , two speeds , fast and way too fast . 	i feel like that is a reference to something else , but i ca n't for the life of me remember what it is . 
yes , it is . but prince really has no need to gain any money or popularity . he 's a living legend . he probably just feels a religious motivation to get involved . 	plus the money he gets from it , that 's great motivation . 
it 's disgusting seeing people use tragedy for their own personal gain . 	yes , it is . but prince really has no need to gain any money or popularity . he 's a living legend . he probably just feels a religious motivation to get involved . 
thanks , i thought there was loss in quality of resolution with those adapters ? 	there is n't really a choice though . maybe the best option is mini dp to large dp 
do you have any other u . a . cards ? 	i do , but they 're in my deck 
glad you can see a good end through your pain op . you are n't alone 	thank you , and it means a lot to hear you say that . 
great ! care to share her face ? we 'll both make a post about it here , see how does it goes for us . 	hah , i 'd love to . unfortunately i do n't have a lot of time right now and probably wo n't be returning to mass effect for a while . i still have to get around to playing inquisition . 
i 'd twist the shit out of that stuff , personally . 	if your wire has shit in it , you may want to clean it first .  but yeah , came here to say twisted too . 
i 'd twist the shit out of that stuff , personally . 	maybe twist and then do a parallel build ? ooo . 
all of the above plus milk the clock . that is our game . 	yes . our defense is nasty but with plenty of rest they 're one of the best , if not the best , in the league . 
funny because a new ipad air 2 costs about 2 - 4 good asus monitors depending on the ipad specs xd 	you 've completely missed the point of this post . of course an ipad is more expensive than a second monitor , but a ton of people already have ipads in addition to their single monitor setup . 
it depends on where you are , but the simple answer is , yes , you can only order the apple watch online at the moment . they are back ordered as well . 	this , only online reserve by now .  by june to july , you should be able to just go to a store and buy one . 
you 're four days late to make a pretentious comment like that . i 'm sure you lead a fulfilling life , and i wish you the best . 	and dude who is the one being pretentious here ? you 're the guy making fun of the capitalization of my title . 
if you do that there 's time to make shots and try to steal the ball back . 	right . which is a risk . a risk i 'd rather take than let paul pierce get a look after what has happened in the previous games . i think they would have beaten us in overtime . 
i dont care at all , just wanted to point out you do n't capitalize every word in those titles .  like it 's not 'lord of the rings 'it 's 'lord of the rings '	gotcha , but not really a big deal as to make an issue though . not saying you are , just saying it seems that it bothers some people . 
why ca n't you just grab a guy before the inbound pass while they 're running the inbound play ? 	idk giving them two free throws and the ball back just did n't seem like a good idea at the time i guess . 
why ca n't you just grab a guy before the inbound pass while they 're running the inbound play ? 	that is an intentional foul in the nba under two minutes in the 4th . 
i feel your pain man . i broke my hand , hard surgery to pin the bone back together , ended up getting injected , surgery again to sort that out . fucking sucks 	i had surgery too . the anesthesia made me sleep for like 7 hours after the surgery . i 'll hopefully start running once i get a cast that does n't go up to my shoulders . 
get keys one by one , five by five or ten by ten , if you are lucky , from a reputable trader and build some rep this way 	i only need 20 keys so i guess i could just do it in 1 trade ? who is a reputable trader ? 
i 'm currently using a non kaiser doctor they contract through . there 's no ob department anywhere near my area . 	interesting . i must live in a high kaiser concentration area because every department i 've tried to use , i 've had a few options within 10 - 15 miles . 
yup . fireball does not expire now and you can buy ice spear pages from seal merchants . i forgot if drop rates were increased though , can anyone confirm ? 	would 've been nice to be able to buy the fireball pages qq oh well 
have they by any chance made it easier to get the advanced magic pages ? i heard that they might be making it so we could buy the pages from the seal merchants . 	yup . fireball does not expire now and you can buy ice spear pages from seal merchants . i forgot if drop rates were increased though , can anyone confirm ? 
at school atm with a cracked screen , and one bar of service . typing is difficult enough as it lol 	how bout the ol pen and paper math ? 
ca n't do the math ? 	at school atm with a cracked screen , and one bar of service . typing is difficult enough as it lol 
you missed the point entirely . do n't post questions you are too lazy to look up yourself . 	people ask questions all the time . it makes us lazy because we ask ? stop trying to get up votes on a answered post . no one cares moron . 
depends , god may very well be the worlds biggest perv , he does watch everyone after all . 	one can only hope . 
because the group is n't about lgbt issues . 	but it 's about men 's rights . would n't we want to represent rights for all men ? 
as a gay mra i can tell you gay men are expect to do all of these things just as a straight man would be . 	ok . but my friend joe gets away with being camp and stuff .  are gay men expected to have careers and make a shed load , else they 've failed ? how is it at family gatherings ? 
what do you mean ? ammonia is a base , the solution will be alkaline , not acidic . 	the question states that the solution is acidic because of an added acid . 
since the solution is acidic , where is the equilibrium constant for the acid - base reaction ? you need to consider the ka of the acid as well . 	what do you mean ? ammonia is a base , the solution will be alkaline , not acidic . 
i 'd cum if we got vidal 	i would put a pic of him in my gf 's vagina and have sex with her 
you 've got no flair which makes it impossible to tell which side you 're on and if you 're trying to prove a point or just trolling 	i flaired the post as peasantry though , if i was here to troll , i probably would n't do that . besides , the title suggests i do n't agree with the creator of the meme . 
must 've been a serious pain to land that plane on a moving train . care to explain ? 	it would have been a pain but if you waited and timed it right you could have landed the plane on the train in the rain . 
song in the background is kanye west feat . jay - z - no church in the wild 	do n't forget my boy frank ocean on hook duty 
yep . and it worked so fucking well . ufc has been doing a pretty damn good job with their video packages as of late , even if they do get overplayed during their shows . 	did n't they hire some company to do the promos for this fight ? 
only thing i do n't like is how that spinning kick that mcgregor throws at the end would obviously land before the punch would . 	damn it they already spoiled the fight . nicely done ufc , now i have no reason to watch it . 
i do n't have friends 	i wo n't be your friend . 
meh , keep away from news and download it first thing in the morning ? 	i do n't mind hearing who wins it 's just , after seeing my first live ufc event last night on tv , i feel i would be missing out so much ! 
just hope he stays consistent with that even after a loss . 	yeah man , i 'm also hoping that aldo stays consistent after a loss . 
anyone thinks this breaks one million ppv ? even my friends who do n't watch that much mma are talking about this fight . 	i do n't think it will break one million ppv . i 'm thinking it will clock in at 700 , 000 to 800 , 000 . 
anyone thinks this breaks one million ppv ? even my friends who do n't watch that much mma are talking about this fight . 	as they get closer to fight night and advertise robbie vs rory people will go absolutely nuts . now let 's just hope they actually do it lol 
i 've been wondering , is the new 52 harley stuff good ? 	i enjoy it a lot . it 's a fun , sometimes hilarious book with amazing art . 
that 's awesome . a tour would be about as great as this news . 	definitely , i 'd love to see him live again ! 
i 'm a pixel artist 	you might find doing animations in pixel art to be pretty time consuming . especially for the final project where you will have to create a 1 - 2 min animation . 
fundamentals of animation is not too difficult if you are atleast fairly artistic . but , depending on the type of animations you decide to make , the projects can be a little time consuming . 	i 'm a pixel artist 
brb applying for a passport . where in canada do you live ? 	i 'm in ottawa . my place is the one with the brown fence . see you soon ? 
the entity - 70 's horror movie that i found to be creepier than the exorcist . 	i remember this . lol at the nipple scene . 
nicholas cage gets a lot of shit , but he absolutely blew me away in that movie . his craziness can really translate into an amazing performance if he 's working with the right director . 	it is probably one of cage 's best films next to raising arizona . 
did you know they can set filters to be opt in ? so they could leave the default with the current rules and only people that want to see more have to use filters ? 	got an example of a sub that runs that way so i can check the css out ? 
i find this incredibly persuasive . 	i 'll take your word for it . 
yeah . i 'm sure that if there 's a way to force the submitter to tag it most problems could be avoided , just a matter of getting the mods on - board . 	it would have to be added into the css , and this subreddit currently has 0 space in the style sheet to support that . it 's not the mods , the technology literally is n't there yet 
in my experience , it 's usually a coin flip whether a post is feast or famine . although presentation counts for a lot . 	yeah you right my post was terribly written thanks for your input  edit : reading my comment it sound like i am being sarcastic that is not the case lol 
not me . i have n't used facebook or any social media in years . 	well , there are exceptions , that i find nice . i wish i could leave facebook behind , but family , friends and some of the work requires me to still use this shit . 
eh , i used to think bill nye was cool . he 's too arrogant . 	it 's hard not to appear arrogant when you 're right all the time 
it 's hard not to appear arrogant when you 're right all the time 	i think someone forgot to read the sidebar . 
please criticize ancient greek gods . they need some love too 	hey ! do n't touch my zeus , man ! 
thanks . oh well , still by far my best card so far , i 'm still excited . 	if you use him right he is one of the best cards in the game . insane shot and great on defense . especially with a captain card 
just sce keith in packs now . the sce cards are only in packs for either 24 hours or until the next batch come out . so unfortunately base hossa is the correct version . 	thanks . oh well , still by far my best card so far , i 'm still excited . 
i treat guys like kings and i 'm size 0 with fit arms . checkmate ? 	how can she expect to treat a man right if she ca n't even treat her own body right ? 
dad ? 	son ? 
i love his little nose ! : 3 	he can smell things . he just needs to be a lot closer than most people . 
ctrl - c instead of esc . you 're welcome . 	i just type the letter j twice . 
just dug through all my ds and wii games and got 800 points . now i 'm just gonna have trouble deciding what games to get . 	doc louise punch out ! it 's a club nintendo exclusive and i have no idea what they are going to do with it once the program is done . 
according to the site , i received 750 for registering my 3ds xl about a year ago . 	shoot , might as well when the system comes back up ! presumably the club nintendo card wont work with this new system . 
i 'm going through all my 3ds games from last - last christmas and they 're all working . i ca n't stay logged in long enough to actually do the surveys though : c 	okay maybe it was an odd game or something , i still have a number of unused games due to pure laziness , thanks for the update . 
i think the european club nintendo is ending too , but a little later than the na one . is australia in the european group or on its own ? 	this is correct our ends quite a bit later . the american club nintendo ends june 30th . while the european will run until september 30th till it shuts down . 
i just bought the metroid trilogy the other day but havent gotten to play yet , will i still get a post play survey if i do ? i only need 5 friggin coins for 600 and i want wonderful 101 	just a tip , there are some free games that will net you some coins . two off the top of my head are both pokemon bank and rusty 's real deal baseball . 
does anyone want something ? i have 390 coins that i wont use . 	do you have any codes left ? i 'm 20 points away from gold status 
i think the european club nintendo is ending too , but a little later than the na one . is australia in the european group or on its own ? 	maybe on its own ? i import games from the uk occasionally and the points do n't work on the aussie club nintendo despite looking similar 
hmmm . golden sun , earthbound , or super metroid ? 	if you can only have one , earthbound . unless you 've already experienced it but yet to experience another . it 's hard to go wrong with either choice . 
messenger bag redeemed ! 	way to go . i 've been trying for hours to answer a survey so i 'll have enough points for golden sun .  if that does n't work , i 'm stuck getting two of those lawn grabber things . 
ant hate is building here , join in on the fun . 	one guy with 50 accounts does n't mean anything . you 're a sad sack . 
it works for widow , but panther should be ground level . probably in the foreground , in between iron man and thor or something . 	agreed . i 'm working on a revised lineup and i actually put him ground level on this one . 
infinity war lineup ? hope so 	oh no , when infinity war rolls around , the line - up is gonna be much bigger . 
he appeared to be back in his original armor in the last trailer for age of ultron . 	war machine was in the age of ultron trailer ? 
also , may i ask why you chose russian ? i 'm kinda curious why a 13 year old would start learning russian , nothing wrong with it just curious . 	i can sympathize ! i tried to learn german at 10 ! languages are just fascinating , even to kids ! 
also , may i ask why you chose russian ? i 'm kinda curious why a 13 year old would start learning russian , nothing wrong with it just curious . 	i second that . tell us your story , op . 
first watch feels like shit , second one hurts a little less . then third re - watch you will see the light . 	i watched chuck about five time . after the first time , i always stop when morgan get the intersect . too much feels after that . 
her tongue is crazy . that 's for sure . 	you mean because her statue appears to be foaming at the mouth ? nothing to worry about . still runs in the family .   
i actually sent em . that 's my house you 're seeing . 	hah ! i see your house ! now i 'm going to mail a bunch of puppies to your house ! 
it 's a gif of a cute girl . the fact that she 's fictional does n't change a thing . 	it actually looks like a gif of a young disney prince . 
still , never too cold to smoke meats 	i 'm from kc we smoke all year long . in fact grilled burgers in the snow yesterday and did a pork butt last weekend ! 
that 's a pretty indirect attempt at doing so . simply funding schools at the state level would be much more sensible . 	not something that white americans will ever agree to . allowing school funding at the local level keeps unwanted minorities out and some schools still entirely white . 
good point ! 	thanks ! great username btw . 
i would n't dare try to simplify a complex issue into such a small statement as you have done .  i was merely pointing out reality to someone who does n't want to admit it . 	once people start earning more money , they tend to leave poverty - stricken areas .   
i imagine certain industries are hit harder than others - ie easily outsourced ones . i own a call center and we already compete with overseas wages 	yes , indeed .  that was what i theorized to be one of the main drivers of the difference between the behavior of the service industry and manufacturing industry , overall . 
so you 're an advocate of significantly increasing the power of regulatory capture and exposing the labor force to the effects of systemic corruption ? 	yes .  edit : or rather , understand the risks . imho unions have not shown themselves to be benevolent institutions , nor are they conducive to long - term societal improvement . 
interesting . could you go into any more detail ? would n't producer surplus mean less product sold ? where does the increased efficiency come from ? 	not in a reddit post during the work hours , sorry . this is what you 'd generally learn about in the second month of an introductory economics class . 
that 's a pretty indirect attempt at doing so . simply funding schools at the state level would be much more sensible . 	yeah , the idea that local government would fund schools seems mad given how poor areas would suffer much lower educational expenditure , creating a vicious cycle . 
can explain to me how this wo n't fuck the middle class even more ? 	perhaps it would be better if you could come up with a single actual economical reason why the middle class would be fucked by this .  most evidence points to the contrary . 
huh , i 've heard that american citizens living abroad still have to pay taxes to the american government . 	honestly i think this a pretty good thing - citizenship has a cost . i 'd love if we could do this at the european level for eu citizens who live abroad . 
huh , i 've heard that american citizens living abroad still have to pay taxes to the american government . 	yep , we do . there was even a big push recently with foreign banks to get reporting on americans living abroad to ensure the taxes are collected . 
minimum wage wo n't change property value or the resulting property tax . this wo n't work 	that 's up to the communities to decide . 
price floors do not help the mobility of those whose labor is worth less than that floor . 	minimum wage only acts like a price floor when the labor market is elastic , which it certainly is not right now . 
once people start earning more money , they tend to leave poverty - stricken areas .   	which is fine . a lot of areas collapse .  people should definitely have the ability to leave those poverty - stricken areas though . have you lived in one ? 
literally dozens out of over 1000 us stores . good luck if you do n't live in or near one of the major cities . 	when i asked someone at the local store , they mentioned that the top 500 or so stores should be getting them in - house . 
wa is n't even on the list ! what a very short roller coaster of emotion i just took . 	i honestly thought that was bug in their website . tried to look even at the html source 
a new addition to a game is hardly a spoiler . i 'm pretty sure this will show on the change log which any gamer who cares about a game under development will read . 	they specifically left out what the new wildlife was so that players could discover them on their own . 
that 's true , especially if you have the hot word detection , but one would not expect this to come on a tv , which is what i find creepy . 	but the tv has the same feature as kinect for the same reason . it 's an advertised feature ; they do n't hide it . how is it any less creepy in a game console than a tv ? 
if you enable google voice search in your phone or in your browser , it 's the same . if you have a kinect , it 's the same . this is not a new concept . 	that 's true , especially if you have the hot word detection , but one would not expect this to come on a tv , which is what i find creepy . 
i had to read the book for a class . anyone who quotes themselves at the start of each chapter is already firing warning shots . 	which version did you read ? fourth and fifth only contain quotes from various historical figures . 
which version did you read ? fourth and fifth only contain quotes from various historical figures . 	ca n't recall , i 'll check my study when i get home . 
please limit posting to once every three days for the same items . feel free to edit the original post .  all listed items require timestamps .  the next rule infraction will incur a temp - ban . 	timestamp for a buying post ?  i thought that was only when you 're selling 
i never understood the points system . i mean we do n't do that when recommending a game to our mates do we ? we just say yea get it or not . cut the bullshit . 	good point .   
fuck winter !  if you ever find yourself upset at night , give me a message . i 'm usually up late and i check reddit way too often .  you 'll get through this 	it 's usually worse at night , but i try to stay in bed and fall asleep so i do n't have to feel it anymore . i 'll keep it in mind though ! 
oh man , right in the feels .  i even have a slinky black cat . 	my kitty that lives with my mom is a slinky black cat , prettiest kitty i ever saw . 
do you mean this exact picture or just a joke similar to it ? 	same pic same title . 
was shipped via ems on january 31st , usually stuff shipped with ems i get in about 10 days and it 's been 10 days and it 's still in china . is this normal ? 	yes . there are alot of packages leaving china right now and the snow storm here is also backing shit up 
is the server still not up ? it 's almost been a month and i have n't seen any posts regarding it 's revival . 	i made a post about it , nobody cared , so i shut it down . 
alrighty . tell me what time you can be on . i can work my schedule , i 'm a student xd . 	haha , i remember the glory days of being a student . being a married working stiff leaves little time to play . 
you think so ? that 's a good idea actually . thank you . 	mhmm , pm me and ill even give you a place to start . 
is there a way for you to ensure the food database does n't become too cluttered with user - submitted junk ? using mfp now and finding it difficult to find accurate results 	when i open it up to searching other people 's submissions , i will add some sort of voting system and reputation system . or something of the sort . 
hmm the third party part makes me unsure , i 'd rather get the xbox brand but maybe microsoft support was filling my head with lies 	i think the only issue with a non - microsoft hdd is that you ca n't play original xbox games . i have never had an issue with mine . 
does it have a new toothbrush smell ? 	my sense of smell is off , but the taste is blissfully reminiscent of bpa . 
why did you choose the white and blue combination over other available colors ? 	my gum disease provides the red , making for a proud , patriotic dental display . 
my previous toothbrush just celebrated its 3rd birthday , which is when the average toothbrush begins retirement . 	3 years ? i 'm sure you 're supposed to change brushes at least twice a year . gross . 
when are you looking to move out ? 	honestly , as soon as possible . mid - march would be ideal but i 'm open to earlier for the right place . 
and the crowd stays dead in the background . this is the difference between the fans from now and the past . everyone looks bored as fuck 	they looked bored because this is boring . it 's completely awkward and over - rehearsed . it 's mechanical . there 's no emotion or feeling to it at all . 
with zero story development as well . 	we get stories but somehow they think they should relate it to total divas . and since it was clearly recorded months ago , does n't even make sense . 
no there is n't , but if you continue to stick her in these 3 minute matches then there is a guarantee that she will never develop . 	at the least , she needs to stop being so botch crazy . 
naomi is so underrated , if only wwe just dropped the divas crap . 	i agree but damn her new ring gear is horrible . looks like some stripper shit . 
they looked bored because this is boring . it 's completely awkward and over - rehearsed . it 's mechanical . there 's no emotion or feeling to it at all . 	really ? i loved that smile both of them had towards the end that resembled mutual respect . looks like emotion to me . 
what the fucking fuck ? 	man i could kill you right now for this holy damn it . 
they look like they 're going at half speed and it could n't look more choreographed . they way you see natalya inhale before she gets flipped is terrible . 	totally agreed . that 's not wrestling - it 's just choreographed dancing .  no wonder the crowd is bored . i am too . 
that would make sense after this season , but he was n't worth that money before 2014 . 	i 'm pretty sure they knew the price for ace pitchers was going to go way up . 
that looks better .  and what did i do to inspire you ? o . o 	to make more tutorials ! they 're really fun to do ! : 3  also to make my own brush . 
their service area covers hundreds of thousands of people just in austin . 	so , like 3 feet of i - 35 ? 
ah yes , of course . the boxes are showing in error though , right ? or is it freakin designed that way ? 	those are the placements that they usually have at the end of the video credits thing . it looks like the editor added them in at the wrong time . 
i did n't delete it my guess would be the mods if it is n't showing up 	really ? what a bummer . maybe this question was asked not too long ago . 
i would n't say i 'm a natural , but i used to make a bunch of chainmail , so wrapping these coils is almost habit already 	it 's off topic , but what did you make chain mail for ? my cousin used to make it just for the fun of it and i always thought it was pretty sweet 
in what way is she op as fuck ? honestly after removing her healing from towers she will probably be a tier . 	back to work . 
yeah , i do n't get the question . does it mean how many products has nvidia sold since that date ? or something else ? any help op ? 	they mean ed in game trading . 
damnit , stop being so logical when i want to be angry at stuff ! its a real buzzkill . 	you can still be mad . they could have just excluded quebec . but nvidia is weird . 
those are from empire , not star wars . 	those are tacos , not mexican food . 
cool , but are we supposed to walk down it backwards ? 	or have eyes on your butt . 
have you ever , in your life , walked up a set of stairs ? 	have you figured out how to read something with more than one line yet ?  hint : it 's different from the way you walk up stairs .  answer : you start looking at the top and move on to the next . 
in the wrong order , unless you can read with your heels . 	they 're not in the wrong order at all , you just need to start reading at the top like you need to in the movie .  although the justification and word wrap could have been executed better . 
i 'm ready to take this to the next level . 	this is starting to spiral out of control . 
puns , really ? thats a step i do n't want to take . 	let 's take the elevator instead .  edit : fine i 'll go alone . 
they 're not in the wrong order at all , you just need to start reading at the top like you need to in the movie .  although the justification and word wrap could have been executed better . 	have you ever , in your life , walked up a set of stairs ? 
no the crawl is not important . the crawl is n't the art . it was the method chosen to tell the a part of the story . people making the crawl art seems rather silly to me . 	holy fucking shit would you shut the fuck up about the story you boring cunt . it 's a fucking staircase to a toilet , people are n't going there for citizen kane . 
no the crawl is not important . the crawl is n't the art . it was the method chosen to tell the a part of the story . people making the crawl art seems rather silly to me . 	the crawl is pretty iconic to star wars . if i watch a star wars movie , i 'm expecting it to start with music and crawling text . 
cool , but are we supposed to walk down it backwards ? 	i tried reading form the bottom up and got about half way up before i realized why none of it was making sense . 
puns , really ? thats a step i do n't want to take . 	changing a pun thread to being about pun threads ruins the pun thread . 
just annoying , that they did it wrong . they should have reversed it . now you have to walk down the stairs backwards , to read the credits in the right order wtf lol 	its for lols when someone falls down the stairs backward . 
they 're not in the wrong order at all , you just need to start reading at the top like you need to in the movie .  although the justification and word wrap could have been executed better . 	i would start reading at the top but by the time i read half of it i 'd be halfway up the stairs and unable to read the second half 
it 's only in the wrong order if you read with your toes . 	oh i see what the problem is , your head is so far up your ass your eyes come out of your neck and so you see everything backwards . 
cool , but are we supposed to walk down it backwards ? 	you read it by looking backwards through your legs as you walk down the stairs . 
why did i have to scroll so far to find the correct answer ? 	correct answer of what ? what was the question ? it says it in the picture 
i dont think its really meant to be read individually . probably is supposed to be looked at as a whole . kinda like how you can only look at art inspired buildings with pillars and such . 	too bad , makes so much more sense to do other way . i ca n't recall but does n't text scroll from bottom up in films ? 
introduce me to a console peasant that can , without any help outside of the internet , set up an enthusiast computer - and i will introduce him to gaben with you . 	i think i fit that description pretty well , i had never seen an enthusiast level pc until i started hearing about them on the internet and built my first last year using only youtube tutorials . 
part of learning means that you do n't forget what you 've learned . 	sadly humans are really good at forgetting .   
they do n't understand laughter they do n't really even have a brain .  they also do n't have better instincts and ca n't smell fear . 	that makes no sense at all . 
omg how can you even say such a thing . cheese is the food of the gods . 	blaming god for being fat are we now ? : p 
nice work .   	thanks ! as always , hearing nice things helps keep us motivated and working hard to try and keep improving . i 'll be sure to let you know when our next video comes out this week ! 
no team needs more than one sniper . 	clash , blind watch , a side can be held with two snipers and a couple support guys with hand cannons or scouts . 
to not fcking take a on blind watch and to wait to pick up heavy ammo so everyone gets it . 	exactly what i came here to say except i was going to broaden it bu saying do n't cap the third point when your team has two points locked down . 
are you a teacher , if so no lie dead poet society watched it sophomore year and loved it and shows robin william 's in his prime 	i 'm not a teacher . i 'm still a student . i just need this for a project . 
every time i try to play i encounter annoying bugs and give up . every time . 	i 'm in the same boat . every prison i 've done has had some annoying bug pop up to the point of frustration . 
i 'm in the same boat . every prison i 've done has had some annoying bug pop up to the point of frustration . 	you should post screens and ask for help here , this community is really great at helping fix or workaround bugs . 
every time i try to play i encounter annoying bugs and give up . every time . 	are you going to the board and posting these bugs ? 
are you telling me you ca n't hear an enemies exos ? . . . 	with a headset you can easily hear them , not the base one that comes with the xbox though . 
i bet your aim was on point ! 	true , this game is a great lesson in reaction time for when the next one comes out , i almost feel bad for anyone who will be playing their first cod next year 
i find the game more challenging than other cods , but i like it the most of them all - for a lot of reasons , but the fact its more challenging for me , is one of the reasons i like it so much . 	yup , me too . i love the game exactly for the challenge , but it turns all the casual players off for the same reason . 
are you telling me you ca n't hear an enemies exos ? . . . 	barely . and it usually when it is to late to turn on anyone because they are literally right behind you . 
the lack of footsteps and exo abilities allow bad players to roam around the map at mach 5 with no penalty . 	are you telling me you ca n't hear an enemies exos ? . . . 
yeah , but now i 've got 50 trade posts and do n't feel like trying to get a 51st . so it 's time to get all these loafers out so i can stop paying them . 	give them all low level titles would boost dynasty prestige .  or try and marry them onto various thrones 
yeah , but now i 've got 50 trade posts and do n't feel like trying to get a 51st . so it 's time to get all these loafers out so i can stop paying them . 	just give them titles . 
i 'd recommend the iron druid books . a bit lighter , funny and exciting as well . try the audio books if you 're into that , they are great ! 	i would agree . if you are looking for light fun fiction these exactly fit the bill . 
do n't feel bad , i have around 30 downvotes in another thread for saying i 'm married . stop being a furry , though ; that shit is weird . 	you just told him to quit a hobby of his because you think it 's weird . that 's like me saying stop watching anime because i find it weird . 
this is one is n't really bad actually . 	it 's bad , but on the spectrum of high level cringe it 's pretty low . 
maybe its body is out of proportion with its tail . 	you a glass half full kind of guy ? 
you just told him to quit a hobby of his because you think it 's weird . that 's like me saying stop watching anime because i find it weird . 	if you watch anime , you should stop . it 's weird . 
overheating wo n't cause blue screens ? since when ? 	shutting down in case of too much heat automatically is a system function , therefore not a bsod it displays the image of a thermometer on the screen when it happens on the surface , not a bsod 
it 's not like it 's on the top and right side of the main page or anything 	and pretty small as well so it 's hard to make out who 's who on it even after zooming in . 
we have a ten minute rule . doors are n't to be locked till ten after . 	which is the stupidest rule , if you wanna close 10 later , change the time to that . 
why do you find them difficult to manage ? 	i just think they are overly complicated for what they are . they are frustrating to me . 
because they wo n't change braking performance by any noticeable amount . 	can you explain how bigger rotors , better material pads and 4 piston calipers vs oe 2 piston wont make a difference ? 
can you explain how bigger rotors , better material pads and 4 piston calipers vs oe 2 piston wont make a difference ? 	going from 2 piston to 4 without upgrading the master cylinder ? 
can you explain how bigger rotors , better material pads and 4 piston calipers vs oe 2 piston wont make a difference ? 	because the limiting factor for stopping distance on cars from the factory is tires . bigger rotors and better materials will help with fade though . 
to be fair with mods my acceleration is about equal to a stock gtr now . so while the brakes are good their just not good enough 	ok i 'll bite . what are you running that can make a rwd car out launch an awd car . 
that 's the game the liberal media likes to play when to make something racist . now we 're beating them at their own game .   	oh great . now everybody 's an idiot . 
according to your fans you are underperforming . you guys are suppose to win the championship every year . 	because if it were n't for losses to teams that we should n't lose to , we would be in the race more often than not 
eh . a loss is a loss . 	i 'm not arguing that . i 'm saying we consistently drop games that we should win and it just fucks our season 
in some cases , if a school does n't give extra points for ap courses some colleges that the student applies to will apply the extra points when calculating gpa 	that is pretty interesting . i 'm long past the days of ap classes though , and umd did n't accept any of my 3 's anyways 
because if it were n't for losses to teams that we should n't lose to , we would be in the race more often than not 	eh . a loss is a loss . 
nolan made 3rd line . good for him .  say what you will , i 'll always have a soft spot in my heart for that mofo . 	he skates his heart out and i never see him complain . he throws his body around and sticks up for his mates , i like the guy and glad he 's been stepping it up lately to fill the holes . 
what is bbw ? lol must be a innuendo xp 	it 's a big beautiful woman . otherwise cute but fat . 
nope . just games unfortunately . 	darn . thanks for the reply , i guess i 'll be investing into another hard drive . 
diddy may be high tier but is pretty easy to destroy if you know how to face him with anyone . calling them all bad is rather opinionated do n't you think ? 	okay diddy is not easy destroy diddy is fucking broken okay ? and it 's not opinionated it 's a fact . i play smash competitive and i know my shit 
just because a few champions use him does n't mean anyone has to , the game has only been out for a few months , eventually diddy would lose his strengths or recognition . 	lol what omg lmao oh that 's funny 
at least you should be able to see other people ships , have more control of your ship speed and to get to a station should be very quick to prevent repetitive gameplay . 	this game is a space simulator . to remove the realistic distances between objects would completely kill the point of the game . it sounds like this is n't the right game for you . 
i disagree . its also not going anywhere . if it really bothers you , dont play . seems like a simple solution . 	it 's not about bothering me , it is very clear that is a poor design choice for the game and should be improved dramatically . 
as opposed to what ? are you suggesting that we fly around the systems at sub - ftl speeds ? well , then you 'll be staring at space for months instead of seconds . 	who cares about reality , make it ftl gameplay similiar to sub - ftl , make no flight assist available , make it fun . in the present state its like boring autopilot  
i was expecting the other dude to be a chick , i mean 	pleasant surprise ? 
why does our state government hate education and women ? 	they hate education because it costs money , and their political donors want lower taxes . they hate woman because of their religion ? only a guess on the second one . 
so would you describe reality tv fans as sheeple ? 	have you watched idiocracy ? 
i dont watch the televised event from which they profit , nor do i actively seek to watch it at all . it came up on my news feed with an interesting title . 	you watching it on fb and now talking about it provides them profit . 
i hate to break it to you but that bullying is what makes the show so popular , it 's a crucial part of the formula . 	does that make it alright ? no , it makes it even more wrong , so his point still stands . 
who the balls is that moron willy moon , and why is he on tv ? 	he had a song that was used on an ipod ad , then a story about him on 60 minutes saying he 'd be the next big thing . now he 's on x - factor where careers go to slowly decompose . 
i hate to break it to you but that bullying is what makes the show so popular , it 's a crucial part of the formula . 	i 'm not sure where you 're getting that from . all the judges in 2013 were super nice towards the singers and the ratings for that season were significantly better than this years . 
game development is expensive with no guarantee of a solid return . especially on a console with a 10 million user install base after over 2 years of being on the market . 	that does n't sound to bad when you put it that way . 5 million wiiu 's are being sold every year 
someone call for me ? 	haha if only it were that easy . unless reddit doubles as a communication device with the afterlife . 
that 's bizarre ! has anything worked for you in the past ? 	not really . though not eating wheat has made them all but go away . i have n't been brave enough to quit sodas , to see if that was the issue all along . 
the epa has fucked every form of home ant control . 	you do n't think keeping earth human - habitable is worth the additional effort to kill ants with less effective poisons ? 
i have an agreement with my ants . stay the fuck out of my house , and i wo n't launch a devastating attack on your shit wherever i see you . 	you have an agreement . i have an alliance ! where others see invading insects , i see thousands of nano - maids keeping my floors clean . 
you 're gonna need a tv stand with doors once that little guy starts roaming about .  edit : who 's downvoting me ? people with no kids or no entertainment center electronics ? 	trust me , i 've been working out plans in my head for something to fit over the openings for quite some time already . 
trust me , i 've been working out plans in my head for something to fit over the openings for quite some time already . 	remember to allow for ventilation . parents built their own cabinet and burned up a ps3 because they left it on overnight with the doors closed . 
high waisted jeans ! 	i just bought my first pair of super high waisted black pants the other day , but i ended up returning them because they made my but look super flat . 
i love the ones you got ! so unique . do n't give em up right away ! sit on it for a couple days . 	aw thanks ! i do like them a lot but i feel that they 'd be more difficult to pair with jeans and a cute top than frees . maybe i 'm crazy ? haha . 
i thought i was young but i just now realized there 's a whole new wave of redditors younger 	i 've seen kids born in 2003 posting here . 
which was a joke . i love how people shit on harden for his defense but give kobe a pass for not playing defense the last 5 years . 	it 's been pretty hilarious up until recently how they kept giving him defensive awards despite him being pretty piss poor at it of late . 
id imagine if kg really wanted to be the head coach flip would bow down and resign his position . 	kg has said he does n't want to coach i think . he does want to be an owner eventually though . 
which was a joke . i love how people shit on harden for his defense but give kobe a pass for not playing defense the last 5 years . 	been longer than the past 5 and when you compare the other talented guards who got left off the 1st team . too much reputation . 
it 's crazy how he 's been playing basketball longer than i have been alive . like i 've never been alive in a time where tim duncan is n't an nba player . 	i thought i was young but i just now realized there 's a whole new wave of redditors younger 
my bad man i was just having a rough night and felt super discouraged from that and other stuff too . i gotta work on just chilling like you said . thank you for your insight too man 	hey man , do n't worry . we all got days like that . you ever need to chat just throw a line out 
 i 'm just wondering if starting the endgame locks out other quests . 	from my personal experience , it has n't . some might be harder to get , like arcade 's quest . i would still get other opinion , though . 
same reason that people conserve momentum and bounce against the ropes and come back towards their opponent .  wrestling is magic . 	irish whip based offense would be deadly . all you have to do is tire your opponent to the point where they ca n't kick out of a pin .  or we could see our very first submission via irish whip . 
it runs smooth - ish on my mid - 2012 macbook air , but only with all the settings as low as they will go . 	it runs much better for me on win 10 bootcamp . 
get an education ? get a job where you can actually move up the ladder ? 	two degrees ? in louisiana you ca n't move up ladders unless you pass unofficial political tests ? 
god forbid you tweet something mean about nerds . 	nice straw man . 
according to his blog , he came up with the idea a year before . could you point me to a quote that contradicts that ? 	i think you may have your dates wrong , i 'm not sure what you 're asking . can you provide a link to where he says that ? 
the intent was to support of a piece of legislation , as opposed to a candidate . that donation counts as political speech the same way voting does . 	money is not speech . 
nah , cheddar does n't smell so much like feces . pretty sure this is feces .  did someone install a capitalist government around here ? 	that is government cheese . 
if someone is openly racist and is in charge of a company , do you think the employees have the right to cause a fuss about it ? 	only if his racism is effecting hiring and pay . 
alright then . what about atheists fired for not believing in god ? what about about people fired for joining unions ?  both of these actions are wrong . 	religion is a protected class . 
yeah , fuck that person 's family , they do n't need to eat ! 	no ones family is going to starve to death just because a parent got fired . 
somehow i do not think that will work for me . 	get an education ? get a job where you can actually move up the ladder ? 
not bad for a first run . did it seed on you or just grow like that ? 	pretty sure its a random mids seed that was passed my way grown under inadequate conditions , surprised it turned out this well . these were in great soil though , just some slight heat issues 
if you set the wiiu 's clock to that date and start up smash4 with the a button held down untill the start screen , you 'll unlock pink gold peach as an assist trophy . 	and if we hold down the b button instead do we get metal mario ? new amiibo confirmed ? 
if you set the wiiu 's clock to that date and start up smash4 with the a button held down untill the start screen , you 'll unlock pink gold peach as an assist trophy . 	does that actually work ?   
i do n't understand , is everyone getting hyped over a picture of a wall or am i missing something ? 	it 's a video , but it does n't work on mobile . just shows the first frame . 
so ruby is the guy in this relationship ? 	why is it you never see white rose art like this with both girls wearing dresses ? 
ask and you shall receive edit : thanks for the gold ! 	wow , thanks for the gold !  edit : thank you for the gold , kind stranger ! 
it 's not the items , it is the attitude . you can like these things , just do n't act like it makes you better than others . 	oh so it 's like an intellectual elitism thing . thanks friend . 
lots of people like tool , most do n't talk about it anymore because of that fanbase . 	i like them alright , but the most vocal subset of the fan base is just a notch above juggalos . 
fuck you , tool is great music . 	i agree , but the fanbase is still awful 
i like them alright , but the most vocal subset of the fan base is just a notch above juggalos . 	they 're not bad , their fans are just atrocious . they 're not anywhere near juggalos , though . that 's like a fucking lifestyle to some people . 
i like that they 're going to 2 movies a year right when the next movie comes out . at least there wo n't be this long a wait again for a long time . 	this is true , atleast there is that . i am definitely stoked for suicide squad ! 
heck i just want them to come out with anything at this point ! waiting 3 years in between man of steel is just torture . 	i like that they 're going to 2 movies a year right when the next movie comes out . at least there wo n't be this long a wait again for a long time . 
i play both trombone and piano , piano being more the recent pick up . i can sing slightly between not terrible and moderately decent . 	i 'm in the same boat as you with the singing , self taught like my art so i have a lot if practice and learning to do to get better 
there 's no way that 's her . the naked girl is too small . sjokz is not exactly a small looking girl . 	agreed . nose is rather different too . 
nutella is shitty for you already , add that to sugary yogurt and the vegetable oil we put in the nutella and it 's just downright toxic ! 	this means they have a frozen yogurt , nutella , and vegetable oil bowel movement . 
currently in my senior year at cornell . this does n't surprise me in the least . 	what do you hear about the law school ? thinking of going there . 
we had a group once where the first 8 rooms i went to were occupied by naked men . in 6 minutes , i saw more dongs in person than i 've ever seen in person in my life . 	you 've never been in a locker room ? 
good to see you made it . you would think a towel or something to at least feign decency and modesty would be in line , eh ? 	we had a group once where the first 8 rooms i went to were occupied by naked men . in 6 minutes , i saw more dongs in person than i 've ever seen in person in my life . 
what swirl is that ? it 's very beautiful soap . 	mantra swirl ! thank you ! i love the scent and the way it turned out 
why would you want to make it work ?  do you even know why you tried to murder one another or are you still at the point where you 're blaming the alcohol ? 	no the reason was alcohol fueled jealousy . 
i use reddit for 20 mins after waking and 20 mins before sleep . endless scroll needs hard limits imho 	word . 
strongly suspect it had a christmas themed music box , or light inside it . the kind with a button on the bottom , so when it is picked up , is triggered . 	oh , i could see that . that 's a good thought . i ca n't find any evidence of such a thing on gis , though . 
so , elo boosting is like pimp my ride ? 	it makes the car look good but it 's still shit inside and ca n't drive more than 3 miles ?  fuck yes , best analogy ever . 
did you know that op . gg takes it 's statistics from your match history ? 	yes i do , was just trying to make a joke about stats , it failed . 
what type of fedex is it ? 	just typical ground package delivery this happened on 3 separate occasions over the course of 2 years as a result i 've outright refused to use them as a carrier . 
fedex will let you sign a note they leave on the door and you just replace it on the door and they will leave the package there . 	that option is n't always allowed . believe me i 've tried signing that thing so many times when i order from dell and neither side is willing to budge . 
is this a league post or a post promoting safe driving ? nice try dmv , i 'm onto you ! 	fuck , jiggs up bois 
this definitely does n't happen in diamond . i do n't really ever see this on my plat smurf either 	while no its not as common , but give it time and you will . 
you mean it , like everything else , has a learning curve ? 	with things that involve trust and communication between total strangers yea , but yea you could use the analogy for any team based strategy game . 
whenever i jungle , if dragon is on the map and it 's post 4 minutes , i 'm not ganking top : x 	i 'm the exact opposite . i camp the hell out of solo lanes and use that advantage to snowball down to dragon 
god that sion poke is so annoying , even after the damage nerfs 	sion q has more range then teemo aa so the ass hole will be ripped a new , after sion lands a e slow 
oh jesus christ , i 'm not equipped for this conversation !  can i phone a friend ? you deserve an educated reply . 	i 'm just relaying my personal experiences . it 's entirely possible that other hubs are garbage . 
or , alternatively in the top lane , you play teemo , and never get ganks , or get ganked 	whenever i play teemo it becomes a 1v2 with the mid lane ganking all the time . 
or are you talking specifically about the time they call him by his real name and ask him why all his characters commit suicide ? that 's episode 148 . one of the best endings ever . 	that 's the one , i thank you ! re - listening again and i am already anticipating having to close my office door out of laughter . 
pizza and ranch is the shit ! thought its an ohio thing though . do you live in ohio ? 	no lol i thought it was texas thing ! nice to know we 're not alone ! 
great list !   suggestion : maybe have an overall hero rating to show how good people consider him ? 	a community - driven tier list could be very interesting . probably not accurate , but interesting . will toy with the idea later on , but some other priorities first . 
honestly , from that angle , i 'm not a fan . i mean i 'd still drive it , but i 'd rather spend my money on an audi r8 e - tron . 	i do n't think they sell the e - tron 
hey frient , let the man have a little fawn . 	i doe n't think he meant it . 
yeah , as cool as the story is , deer can actually fuck shit up if they spook or just decide they do n't like you . 	true story . antlers hurt . 
i do n't know about that , i almost get super senses when i 'm properly baked .  maybe it makes you more in tune with your body and thus with nature . or maybe that 's just me , i dunno . 	hmm . not sure . there 's definitely different levels of that depending on how high i am and the strain im smoking . 
not indians . and totem animal is more accurate . 	depends on the tribe but it 's the concept . 
honestly did n't think about speaking with him first . should i let him know about what i intend to do if i do n't get credit for the assignment ? 	no do n't say anything like that . just ask him for an appointment to discuss the assignment and to figure out what happened . 
man that blows . 	the devs seem pretty big on immersive elements , so i would bet we get it some day . there are just bigger fish to fry for the time being . 
just crouching down on top of them is all you can really do . would be neat to have though . just sit around and awkwardly stare at each other like the npcs from the game oblivion . 	man that blows . 
same people that made max payne 3 port so it 's gonna be great . 	never owned max pain 3 , so i 'm not sure . i 'll take your word for it though . 
definetly , you might wanna wait for the gtx 980 ti though , just got announced . 	it has not been announced . stop spreading misinformation . 
observation on our uk televised games this season . perks of being top of the table i suppose .  first 12 games - 6 televised second 13 games - 8 televised final 13 games - 10 televised  	it was obvious all of our final games would be televised . i kinda dont mind cos i hate sundays . 
uk - been to every home game : d 	but you figure the uk should have access to every game . of course its much more complicated than what 'should 'be , but the reality of the situation is silly . 
do n't do what ? push it ? of course not . you tell me i only get one chance to do something , i 'll never do it .  i always finish final fantasy games with a huge stash of elixir . 	phew , i thought you meant give up as in pressing the button . sadly i pressed it before i knew i had one chance 
it 's brought up everything because it 's a huge part of make up 	but even after i tell them that i do n't care who they wear it for , i just think it 's gross , i still just get that repeated to me . 
well , your opinion is on more of an extreme side , so i 'd say to just not be surprised when people want to defend themselves . 	oh , i completely agree , i just do n't understand why i have gotten this exact same argument from almost every girl , when it 's completely invalid . 
bit of a weird list all round tbh . they must have got the tea - boy to write it as the actual staff clear the office out . 	let 's not sugar - coat it , this list is a pile of shit . idk what they were thinking edit : oops false alarm everyone , apparently it was an april fools joke 
has no one taken the time to look when the article was posted ?  april 1 , 2015 . it 's a joke 	it was n't funny . 
it was n't funny . 	that 's british humor for you . 
i never knew where to use that seal , but i heard after you beat bsb you can open up that shortcut ? which is what i did 	hmmm . all i know is i needed to unlock the gate to get summoning . good luck ! 
not the tea ! 	yeah ? well go cry to your queen about it now that austin powers is dead your country has nothing left to be proud of . 
this is possibly the most negative comment i have seen . 	hate to be negative , but this team makes it difficult to be positive 
cole does n't look comfortable out there at all , he 's battling himself . i wondered what effect the trade speculations will have on him this year . 	it 's his first start of the season and it 's not uncommon for pitchers to struggle . i 'd say it 's a little too early to put the blame on the speculation already . 
okay . it 's over now . let 's move on to 2nd game . 	i know our hitting sucks , but a 2 - 0 lead is anything but insurmountable 
how much did they charge him for the bike ? 	it was only 500 dollars in damage . the crash was n't necessarily bad , the bike crushed his foot though 
oh man , i hope he 's alright .  i do n't no what to say . any word on how they expect him to recover ?   	his full recovery is estimated at 6 months , all is well !   
guilty by appearance ? 	i think he 's got an unsuspecting face . give him a shave and comb his hair he could be the neighbour that helps that shovels the elderly 's driveway after a snowfall . 
good for you . i work for an industry leader and have 2 degrees in computing . go eat a bag of dicks . 	you got 2 degrees in computing dick !   
the fbi actually had pretty inconclusive proof that nk did hack sony via intelligence collected by the cia and nsa that had officials talking about it . 	no they did n't . in fact , they claimed all of their evidence was secret , and there were plenty of experts who called the white house out on its bullshit . north korea did n't hack sony . 
ahh thank you kind sir ! 	no problem ! you should give it a watch , it 's good . 
still to scared to press it edit : i pressed it . am still grey . op does not lie 	i understand your fear .  when doing this project i was worried i would n't be able to convey it 's safe . aw well . 
katya : are you my mother ?  trixie : valley of the dolls max : a wrinkle in time adore : me talk pretty one day 	a wrinkle in time is such a weird an wonderful book . like max ! 
well that was like his third comment being an asshole in this thread , so i was getting annoyed , lol . 	well , am i a dick or an asshole ?  i 'd accept either . you being a twat , i ought to like you better . but i do n't . 
there has to be someone on the internet who knows who this guy is . i 've seen this god of a man 's pics for years but never got a source on any of them . 	care to post more ? 
a guy thats played 3 years of basketball in his life is gonna average 20 and 10 ? sixers have a better chance of winning the title next year 	hyperbole aside i sort of agree . embiid obviously has more of a chance than you are giving him tho , the east really is n't that great and center play across the league is not strong . 
any specific brands on the oil coolers i should use ? 	i 'm sorry , i do n't . i do n't own a 6 . 0 , or a diesel in general . hopefully someone else can chip in with a good brand though ! 
it 's a positive experience . 	it 's decent , and aids you as a person . 
what about monkeys in some maps , i thought they were a good alternative from the dogs in ascension . 	no thats also what i 'm getting at with map maintenance . monkeys ruined ascension for me personally . 
if i 'm reading that formatting correctly , clg took the series ? sucks i 'm at work and could n't watch . when is the next series ? 	those were listings of who was host . it 's updated to show who won or lost now . 
yep , never put a key in your text field . use a picture unless you want bots to grab it instantly . 	did not realize that . thanks , i 'll remember for next time . 
power is not an issue . 	you 're sure it 's connected to the main grid ? small phone , ca n't tell . 
til criminals love jesus . 	when you 're fucked beyond human means the only thing to do is turn to god , he may be real , he may not be , but in your most desperate hour isnt even a glimmer of hope better than darkness ? 
i 'm probably not the person to help you , but for the sake of someone who might be able to , can you provide a few example songs ? 	she by green day would be a good example of the kind of tone he 's talking about , anything by green day really , or blink - 182 for that matter 
tell that to karl alvarez and matt freeman . those are the two guys all the pop - punk kids were trying to emulate , both have incredible right hand finger chops . 	and matt riddle , too . great players , great influences , but their tones are n't what this guy is talking about , i do n't think .  although matt freeman 's pick tone , perhaps . 
do you get an email every time status changes or you just check the site every so often ? 	i just check about once an hour or so because i 'm dying to get my hands on this thing . 
i love it man . you nailed it .  i 'd be interested to see a full mock to see who else was available when we 're on the clock 	thanks ! unfortunately this was an older mock and i did n't screen shot the rest of the board . i wish i could see it too . 
you ever try the frozen lime rockstars ? 	ca n't say i have . sound delicious though , lime is my favorite citrus 
it seems like the entire military is designed around energy drinks . 	i ca n't function without them . trying to do a job with a 24 man scout platoon sucks . 
man remember that one year when ubaldo was 15 - 1 before the break ? 	i hope to god you 're from the future . 
goblin produces a lot of vapor , blows through juice though .  quick question though , do you really want clouds while driving ? 	i dont always drive , but when i do , i roll down the window . 
haha how do you have that much money just laying around ? 	meh have n't bothered selling it . i 'm down for a trade , if you have any reasonable suggestions 
backup games ? 	iso , game files etc 
i 've been looking for this type of information . thanks ! 	you just validated all the work it took to put this together . thank you ! 
i thought he had a real shot . but he has had such bad luck . maybe eventually a break will turn his way . 	i was rooting for him so hard , he 's got the power so if he put it all together and forced bryant to lf , that team would 've looked even better imo . 
the bullpen plays like crap . fantastic starting pitching . montero two homeruns .  we 've officially transcended dimensions 	it 's all part of the plan . one day we will combine everything . 
anyone else going to the game today ? 	yessir ! here now . i 'll buy you a beer if you buy me two . 
i get what you mean , he did have a drop off in 2012 and 2013 after a really good 2011 so i guess it 's no given that he 'll produce again in 2015 	he went through enough bullshit this winter what with having to move and all that i just hoped he was okay and could focus on the game . 
i have terrible feeling bryant will k trying to hit a ball 600 feet . 	probably , and edwin jackson will come in at some point and lose the game . 
i ca n't wait . cubs and bulls win , would make my day . if the red wings lose to tampa as well , today might be perfect . 	wednesday was a good day for chicago sports : cubs , bulls , and hawks all won . 
am i the only one who just does n't get why you 'd bring an infant to a baseball game ? 	because you ca n't leave it alone ? 
was that an 0 - 2 fastball to kemp ? 	it looked like a splitter maybe that just got away from him . 
it 's all part of the plan . one day we will combine everything . 	oh , add craig kimbrel blowing it to the list of bizarro world shit 
so , not sure if this has gotten a lot of discussion , but i love batting the pitcher 8th . getting herrera on 2nd , fowler just walked , and we have soler - rizzo - bryant coming up . awesome .   	yeah i 'm a big fan of it too 
okay , seriously , why is soler wearing a freaking balaclava ? 	because it 's fucking awesome . 
much better plate discipline from bryant today , really impressive . teams may actually have to throw him strikes now . 	yeah , it 's been fun to watch today . really glad i 've had a chance to sit down and watch most of this game . 
that was probably a good call . honestly , i do n't care if stuff borderline gets called one way or the other . i just want the ump too be consistent throughout the game with his calls . 	sure looked like a ball to me , right on the outside by a bit 
what happened before the kemp homerun ? i missed it . 	myers reached 1st on bryant error . then base hit to left past diving bryant , but myers thrown out going for 3rd . 
i sent an offer . you have 2 though , are both for sale ? 	yes , feel free to pick either one 
i have a hard copy . do you need something specific ? 	i just need to look at the strategies the book offers for critical reading and the questions that go along with it . 
huh ? you mean the cooler heat sink ? how exactly does that come off from you hitting it with your hand ? that shit should be screwed in . was it the stock cooler and the pegs somehow came out ? 	he probably had the 4 pins in the unlocked position . those pins can be confusing since they have to be in the locked position when you push them in . 
now we 're finally getting to the point that there are players entering the league that grew up as titans fans . 	it 's exciting . it 's the same feeling i get when i realize i 'm older than most players coming into the league now 
shady was .  went to highschool in the harrisburg area , college at pitt , drafted by eagles . was a pa football player his whole life till this offseason . 	this makes me even more surprised he was wearing a raiders jacket on the team bus . if anything he should hate them . 
shady was .  went to highschool in the harrisburg area , college at pitt , drafted by eagles . was a pa football player his whole life till this offseason . 	i hit the 2 opposite corners of the state after starting in the center , not entirely 'home grown 'but yeah . 
derek carr was born in fresno , ca , played high school football in bakersfield , ca then went to fresno state , and now in oakland . he also grew up a raider fan , which is pretty cool .   	yeah but when david got drafted by the texans he moved to houston . he did n't go back to bakersfield until his senior year of high school . 
as a person from the central valley , i do n't understand why anyone would want to say in the area for so long . good for him though . 	i 'm from nor - cal but having visited and driven through central ca i agree . it smells like cow poop and there 's meth and homeless people everywhere . especially fresno 
jermaine kearse , born in seattle area , played at uw , plays for the seahawks 	he 's never played for a non washington team 
derek carr was born in fresno , ca , played high school football in bakersfield , ca then went to fresno state , and now in oakland . he also grew up a raider fan , which is pretty cool .   	as a person from the central valley , i do n't understand why anyone would want to say in the area for so long . good for him though . 
california cities all hate it each other . like fuck la , sf and oakland . hell fuck weed in norcal . 	im from sd and this is so true . however , we 're the only city that 's right . 
yeah but when david got drafted by the texans he moved to houston . he did n't go back to bakersfield until his senior year of high school . 	it was fun to watch him come back to bakersfield and then proceed to shit on my highschool team . oh the memories . but i 'm still glad we got him ! 
yeah but when david got drafted by the texans he moved to houston . he did n't go back to bakersfield until his senior year of high school . 	still is a californian over everything else . also , bakersfield and fresno are not too different from texas cities . 
pretty sure he played high school in detroit , and wayne state is in detroit . he 's as homegrown as it gets . 	from about 3 hours west of detroit . 
because he is very good . love his game . 	hear he has great ball security too . 
derek carr was born in fresno , ca , played high school football in bakersfield , ca then went to fresno state , and now in oakland . he also grew up a raider fan , which is pretty cool .   	that 's awesome . i just became a carr fan 
if there is one thing i have learned today in this sub , its that people from san diego fuckin hate non - san diego californians 	california cities all hate it each other . like fuck la , sf and oakland . hell fuck weed in norcal . 
i like the idea , but instead of weapons , make it for elemental resistance with armor pieces . 	i think exotic armor should have permanent elemental defense . 
damn dawg . you 've put an hour or two into the game eh ? 	i play it a little bit . 
the caveman keto steak with mushroom port is a big favorite of mine . just google it . 	i have to try this . a restaurant called wild note cafe has port wine sauce , and it 's amazing ! thank you for sharing . 
new to keto : is there a reason you do n't use lettuce ? 	spinach is more nutritious , but lettuce is fine . i like to use lettuce . 
an eye for an eye , a life for a life .  maybe op 's fiancee does n't want to go that extreme , but even if it was an accident , somebody is still responsible for the death . 	i think overall that 's a tad extreme . it was a horrific tragedy , but still just an accident . 
ca n't find anything to record with the new league for me , was thinking about doing some cod . 	yup that 's a good place to start ! i still have footage from before the update , so there 's that . but once you reach gold , you 'll be fighting s ranks . 
because she take your jobs ? 	norwegians dont work . swedes , polish and others do . we just live . 
and almost all of them are lying for karma . 	you have no way of knowing that . why be so cynical ? the internet is a lot more enjoyable when you do n't doubt everything you see . it 's just entertainment . 
can confirm ; just turned 40 and i can feel the fucks starting to slip away . 	can confirm 55 and have very few fucks left to give . 
have money ?  even better chances now with war looming overhead . 	 i imagine a lot of people are trying to get out while the gettin 'is good , no ? 
i 'd be a professional green card groom . that sounds like an alright deal . 	they sort of fixed it by making it . if you marry somebody for a green card , you are responsible for them financially for 10 years . 
can confirm ; just turned 40 and i can feel the fucks starting to slip away . 	51 next week , very few fucks left to give . 
seems like a lot of asian guys . 	korean men are super hot . 
no , a male aunt .  auntie lou has a ring to it . 	go home bruce , your transgender is showing . 
it 's not easy , but it is doable . there are indeed foreigners that own property . 	do you think anyone gives a shit about your comment on the most trivial part of a previous post . are you functionally retarded ? jesus get a life . 
hey son , i know you are only 7 and just want your parents to be together again , but how about you pick a chick for daddy to bang next ? 	i think op is a woman . 
is it just me or does dysphoria make it sound like a disease ? 	it is controversial . dysphoria is considered a disorder , and most psychiatric organizations in the west view transitioning as the best and most reliable treatment . 
and you continue to use condescension in place of comprehension .  goodbye , brick wall . i do wish you well , truly . 	asking if you understand what i am saying when you clearly had issues with comprehension is condescending ? some people , such as yourself , really so need thicker skin . 
honey , did you let the cat out ? honey ? dear ?  shit , forgot to pay the wife bill !   	i think you let the cat out by not paying the wife bill . 
perhaps she got her mba in china or vietnam ? 	an mba pretty much anywhere in the world means you 're expected to be fairly fluent in english . 
lol okay buddy . whatever you say .  i just thought it strange that you thought that would be a selling point . 	how else would she know the price per pound ? 
they are paying them to be wives , not to sleep with them . if they have no intention of that and are doing it solely for the money , with plans to leave , they are gold diggers . 	they are paying them to marry . 
til : read the last 3 lines of an essay like reddit reply before reading the start , cos tree fiddy or some shit . 	itt : god damn loch ness monsters everywhere . 
i call bullshit !  everyone who has spent time in the west coast navy has heard this story before or some variation of it . 	this is just such a classic salty dog tale . hilarious though 
i 'll take you . i 'm in michigan , please bring a bear for my grandma as a gift . 	polar , brown , or black dear ? 
yes , the saddest part is not the woman forced to move to a foreign country and become wholly dependent on a stranger because she happened to be born in a shitty part of the world . 	wait , so she was forced to leave her country ? it seems she may have made the choice to leave on her own . 
it 's a sign , go forth child of man . make your parents proud . 	maybe they 'll finally respect me . i 'm going to be a mommy 
i 'll take you ! who do i pay ? 	you pay in blowjobs and letting me put my thing in your thing . 
heck , i 'm turning 23 tomorrow and the amount of fucks i give is substantially less than last year ! 	i 'll be 25 this year . i mostly just hangout and drink coors in my buddy 's yard and tinker with my jeep . at this point i consider myself a dad , but without any kids 
oh auntie lou are n't you precious 	at first i figured he was crazy , but that actually does have a nice ring to it . 
just because guys get better women by buying them than you can on your own should n't make you so bitter . try improving your wallet ! lol , loser . money talks . 	hahaha . what makes you think i 'm a guy . i do n't need to buy anyone or have anyone buy me anything . if you think money talks , it shows what a shallow loser you are . 
no wiping at all ? did you buy a wish - granting monkey 's paw ? that would save me so much time and anguish . you sir , are a god among men . 	it 's rare , but it happens . still , you 'll never wipe yourself raw again taking this stuff . 
by curiosity , what general region is she from ? middle east , eastern europe , south america , east asia ? 	she is from moscow . she has n't gone back since she came to the states , but i do wish to travel there with her when the time is right . 
and you clearly are a fucking dumbass . most rape accusations are true ; statistics prove it . 	at my school a mere accusation results in a suspension for 1 semester , regardless if it 's false or not . it 's an epidemic in higher education and the burden of proof is incredibly low . 
you can have deep and meaningful conversations with people you 've created a relationship with . a relationship does not happen just because you 're paying stuff for another person . 	if they 're socially inept and are unable to meet another person , then paying for a mail order bride might be their only option . 
better than not being born . they 'll still have their mother and a fat cousin . 	well , that assumes that she never married a guy that was n't much older than her ? sure , they would n't be born but other kids would . 
good am i on reddit or tumblr ? it 's bs i 'm supposed to accept the severely mentally ill 	american psychological association and the american medical association agree that a transgender identity is not a mental illness . 
and i said that when , exactly ? learn to fucking read . 	now you 're just trying too hard . 
that 's your opinion . 	this entire argument is opinion . what 's your point ? 
not like it 's just a piece of paper and that 's it . you have to actually live together for those two years . 	awesome . she gets a job and splits the rent with me . not like i 'm at a point in my life where i can live without a roomate anyways . 
an mba pretty much anywhere in the world means you 're expected to be fairly fluent in english . 	no you just need to be able to read and write it . 
i think it 's a fair trade to go ham on his career if he wants her to be a stay at home mom . 	yeah , me too . she sounds like she is a total trophy wife and it is time for him to step up to the plate . 
probably because he 's about the only person who has a personal response to the question instead of a 2nd hand or worse story . 	and its a throwaway account . 
if our leaders have tought us anything it 's that you should never let the law get in the way of profits . 	this is so american , i want to fuck an apple pie . 
so , you are an expert in immigration laws in all the countries in the west ? 	hell no . us law . 
my wife is n't a mail order bride , but they can repo her . 	take my wife , take my wife please ! i take her places all the time and she always finds her way home . 
could you hold still , my sausages are falling off 	get your sausage off his chest . 
so wait , he 's now 79 with 3 young kids ? 	tbf , my dad is 77 and my sister is 8 . not a mail - order situation , though . 
yup , i think that 's what mail order bride means these days , even though it 's not the literal version like in the old west . 	not in the old west , maybe 10 - 30 years ago . i know people who ordered and people that were the orders . i think its still happening now but i 'm not sure . 
was she actually mail order ? that 's weird . i was born and raised filipino and i 've never heard of mail order brides . only the russian kind . 	i live in a smaller town and a see a few . 
probably because he wants his own biological children to be raised by their own biological parents . it can work as long as you marry someone who knows what 's up with you going into it . 	i would be fine with marrying a woman who already had children . they would n't have to be my biological children as long as they treated me like their father . 
how did you find out about this ? 	my ol 'man was hardly the shy sort . 
have you tried being gay ? 	from my personal experience , all the gay men i know are far more comfortable around women than any of my straight friends haha . 
he was probably getting paid to marry them and make them citizens . i used to know this dude that would pay off people to marry his cousins to bring them to the us from china 	can you divorce them afterwards ?   
her vagina looked more like a cock and balls than i expected .   	that 'd be a male - order bride . read the contract more closely next time . 
i highly suspect that the point at which she started to go crazy was very close to the time she no longer needed to be married for her to remain in the country . 	domestic violence can shortcut the 2 year waiting period . 
it 's my secret skill . i call it the karma - self - alley - oop . learn it and enjoy the imaginary points ! 	that 's smart 
can confirm ; just turned 40 and i can feel the fucks starting to slip away . 	39 here and i tell everyone the messed up crap my woman does to me . 0 fucks given .   
happy belated birthday ! 	thanks . i had the flu and walking pneumonia on my birthday , which i considered a fitting welcoming gift to my 40s . 
so how much did it cost him ? 	so you know how to avoid buying one right ? 
i 'm conflicted on how to feel about this . in a way it 's sweet that he got someone to take care of her and be with her when he was offshore . 	as long as there 's no lying involve , they know the deal going in . no need to feel bad . they got what they wanted out of it . 
can confirm ; just turned 40 and i can feel the fucks starting to slip away . 	me too ! i 'm 43 this year and i 'm amazed at how much i no longer give a fuck about so many things . and i used to be almost a super prude . now i think i need a type of filter . 
if our leaders have tought us anything it 's that you should never let the law get in the way of profits . 	this should be added to the rules of acquisition . 
i 'm conflicted on how to feel about this . in a way it 's sweet that he got someone to take care of her and be with her when he was offshore . 	considering how expensive an in house nurse would have been , that might not have been a bad option from the economical standpoint . it does feel a little jaded though . 
my wife is from portland and is now living in a different country . maybe i should look into getting her a unicycle and put birds on things . 	oh man , this was a terrific way to break up the depressing thread of the previous comments . thank you . 
i want to be a male aunt . 	so like an aunt with a dick ? 
aw , bless her poor , deranged heart . 	so i hear you 're looking for a german guy ? i 'll need your sign , height , and cup size plz . 
so wait , he 's now 79 with 3 young kids ? 	my dad was 60 when i was born . it happens . men can remain fertile til death . 
then who took care of the thai bride ? 	his russian mail order bride aunt . 
probably because they can get a better looking , younger wife that way . 	to me , marriage without love just does n't seem worth it . 
or your uncle was paid to marry her in order to get her into the states and he did it to get some cash to help his failing moving company . 	this is like a reverse mail - order bride . 
germans can just kind of come to america whenever they want though .   	i fully encourage it . bring some of that sweet , sweet efficiency and scientific - mindedness with them . mmmm . 
he was probably getting paid to marry them and make them citizens . i used to know this dude that would pay off people to marry his cousins to bring them to the us from china 	another trick is to get a bunch of bank loans in the name of your new spouse . then when its time to pay off you divorce them and send em back to their home country . 
the us requires you meet in - person in the prior two year period for the visa so unless you 're in a different country this is a bullshit story . 	clearly you did n't read the whole thing . 
this entire argument is opinion . what 's your point ? 	that i disagree . 
i hide in the couch and watch charlie pounding off . 	why do you want to catch charlie masturbating ? no ! i do n't care ! no ! 
anyone who thinks that 's what they 're getting is in for a hell of a surprise . 	i was more referring to the general idea of any relationship . just trying to lighten up the mood with all you social justice retards in here . 
heck , i 'm turning 23 tomorrow and the amount of fucks i give is substantially less than last year ! 	i turned 21 three days ago and i have n't given any fucks for a while now 
the us requires you meet in - person in the prior two year period for the visa so unless you 're in a different country this is a bullshit story . 	bro , did you even read the last sentence ? 
you are born with a gender and that 's forever . 	no . you are born with a sex . 
had a former co - worker in kentucky who ordered one . 40 years old and still living with his mom . by the end of the year she had him in alaska working in the oil industry . 	so , it worked out for everyone ? sounds like a good woman to me . 
has anyone gotten off with it ? or is it like pleading insanity where it does n't really work ever ? 	no idea , but the fact it exists is beyond disgusting . 
i live in america , and i 'm a straight male , but i 'd marry a random dude for a hail marry shot at being happy . 	i can fill the hole left in my hetero soul with all the big block , booze and green money can buy . 
man , that sounds worse than being hispanic in the us . 	come on , arnold 's cleaning lady got a nice treatment 
your redneck girlfriend 's father married a black or latino trinidad ? 	neither , india ! 
honey , did you let the cat out ? honey ? dear ?  shit , forgot to pay the wife bill !   	operation repo : mr steal yo girl 
can confirm ; just turned 40 and i can feel the fucks starting to slip away . 	about to turn 38 . have to try harder and harder to give a fuck about anything that does n't directly impact me at this very moment . 
as a scottish person , fuck the vikings i . e your ancestors . 	scots did fuck and marry vikings when they were n't fighting them . 
honey , did you let the cat out ? honey ? dear ?  shit , forgot to pay the wife bill !   	oh god , laughing so hard i missed the upvote button three times . 
they could be the dirt ! 	or a roaming base ! 
yeah , no wonder this guy has no luck with women . he does n't have the capability to empathize with them or see them as full human beings . 	it 's neat how you have the ability to know he ca n't empathize with women from a couple sentences . 
you almost got me . you should make it shorter next time . people always skip to the bottom before a wall of text to make sure they are n't going to get tree fiddy 'd . 	i did n't . great read tho . 
it 's my secret skill . i call it the karma - self - alley - oop . learn it and enjoy the imaginary points ! 	three upvotes from me for ingenuity . well played friend . 
why did you think i was a man ?  i 'm a woman who 's still waiting for an example of a false rape allegation that 's fucked up a life . 	brian banks . star athlete in high school , spent 7 years in prison after begin forced to take a plea seal , before his accuser came back and told the truth . 
after reading this i got an email about russian brides . never got one before today . 	do you live in russia ? 
i hide in the couch and watch charlie pounding off . 	every minute i spend on reddit , i get weaker , and every minute charlie pounds off in the bush , he gets stronger . 
but still , that 's like a grandpa having 3 more kids . imagine being a 45 year old son and now you have 3 siblings that are older than your own children edit : meant younger 	a friend of mine has a nephew who 's older than him . something like 30 years between my friend and his oldest brother . 
could you explain or link a article ? looking through google right now and do n't know how legit these sites are . 	what part of it are you wondering about ? one of my anthropology professors is friends with a mail order bride company owner in the philippines so i might know something . 
everything is easier with money . 	not being poor ! 
my older brother lives in thailand and he could n't own land till he married into a thai family 	even in this case does he own it or is it in his wife 's name ? 
seems like a lot of asian guys . 	there 's much less stigma against asian men in russia than there seems to be in the us . 
this story made me really f 'n sad until the part about her being able to have a boyfriend . 	from what he said , she was fairly happy . 
heck , i 'm turning 23 tomorrow and the amount of fucks i give is substantially less than last year ! 	i 'm 20 but i feel i was born without at least one fuck to give . 
you are born with a gender and that 's forever . 	you 're absolutely right . trans women are born with a female gender . that ca n't be changed , which is why they change their bodies instead . 
was she actually mail order ? that 's weird . i was born and raised filipino and i 've never heard of mail order brides . only the russian kind . 	its just a term where young girl marries some old fart from richer country to gain financially in one way or another . philippines is full of old westerners with young girls . 
you almost got me . you should make it shorter next time . people always skip to the bottom before a wall of text to make sure they are n't going to get tree fiddy 'd . 	i figured out halfway through that it was too good to be true . 
honey , did you let the cat out ? honey ? dear ?  shit , forgot to pay the wife bill !   	my wife is n't a mail order bride , but they can repo her . 
this is pretty accurate . non - norwegians also do n't get how dry norwegian humour can be . it 's usually quite brutal , blunt and rough . 	does n't really sound humorous - you sure you guys are n't just assholes ? 
why did u say nuclear family ? 	google it ; it 's a term that applies here ; mother , father , brothers and sisters , children . 
i think it 's a fair trade to go ham on his career if he wants her to be a stay at home mom . 	i agree but i think the guy had this idea in mind that she 'd do all this work and feed him peeled grapes in the recliner or something . nope ! lol . 
if our leaders have tought us anything it 's that you should never let the law get in the way of profits . 	i see you know your rules of acquisition !  you clearly have the lobes for business . 
frank , wanna play night crawlers ? 	well it 's an imagination based game 
you sound like a real treat . i 'd marry a mail order bride too if i had to deal with women like you all day . 	lol i really am every man 's nightmare . mainly because i 've worked a becoming almost as unpleasant as they are .  have a good night , sweetheart . 
haha , makes me laugh that buffalo makes a russian chick miss home . i think buffalo and it 's five buildings is definitely a real city . 	it is n't as rundown as newark or detroit but it is definitely dreary . i 'm from there and it is always sad to revisit the rust belt 's depression . 
can confirm ; just turned 40 and i can feel the fucks starting to slip away . 	i 'm 17 and i do n't give a fuck . 
some women are like stray cats too . 	it 's true . source - fed a stray cat . that pussy is no longer a stray . 
i could send someone through the mail . do they need to be alive ? 	preferably yes . dicks do n't work when they 're dead 
yes , the saddest part is not the woman forced to move to a foreign country and become wholly dependent on a stranger because she happened to be born in a shitty part of the world . 	there 's no reason to believe she was forced , just had a life of limited options . 
i feel sorry for the guy who paid for a second - hand product . 	whoa , dude . that 's some serious edge you 've got going on there . 
wait , they talk and meet and exchange letters and stuff ? that sounds almost normal . i thought they click on a picture , send money and a slave girl comes within a few weeks . 	i believe that 's called human trafficking . 
absolutely . but i still consider myself very lucky . thank you very much . 	happy for you , bruh ! 
he should run for office . 	or coffee . 
are you reddit search ? 	before , i am no reddit search . now , i am reddit search . i am post find . but too late now , i am no post delete . already many upvote , many comment . 
that 's literally the plot of idiocracy . 	just saw this movie today . 
if there 's a reverse , mail order husband thingy out there , i 'd love to go to estonia and work on the family farm . 	i 've been thinking that for the entire thread . 
he was probably getting paid to marry them and make them citizens . i used to know this dude that would pay off people to marry his cousins to bring them to the us from china 	for some reason i doubt it if all 4 of them happened to be sexy 20 year old russians . it 's going to be the ugly and old ones that end up paying you 
that last sentence is the most attractive thing i 've ever read on reddit 	so what you 're saying is i should get it printed on a shirt and wear it whenever i go out looking for a man ? 
probably ca n't with someone who does n't even speak the same language as you , either . 	unlike dogs , people can be trained in other languages . 
three kids in about five years . 	but still , that 's like a grandpa having 3 more kids . imagine being a 45 year old son and now you have 3 siblings that are older than your own children edit : meant younger 
heck , i 'm turning 23 tomorrow and the amount of fucks i give is substantially less than last year ! 	happy birthday ! it 's my birthday tmrw too auntie lou , turning 26 , gunna get drunk , good times 
heck , i 'm turning 23 tomorrow and the amount of fucks i give is substantially less than last year ! 	yeah i 'm 22 and super open with family and friends . i 'm pretty sure my parents cashed in my fucks before i was born . 
april 26 , 1992 ? that 's my birthday too ! happy birthday , fellow newly - 23 year old ! 	yes ! birthday buddy . how are we celebrating ? 
i suddenly want a steak with some a - 1 . 	oy ! medium - rare is the only way to prepare a steak ! 
heck , i 'm turning 23 tomorrow and the amount of fucks i give is substantially less than last year ! 	now take the rate of fuck loss and apply it to another 42 years . 
it 's not easy , but it is doable . there are indeed foreigners that own property . 	my older brother lives in thailand and he could n't own land till he married into a thai family 
this is just human trafficking with a few coats of paint to make it look less repugnant than it really is . 	and you are being an complete racist fool .  people from different races and countries can fall in love .  get out from under that rock and look at the new international world . 
she had dyed black hair when i met her . the the same name as one of the main female characters for the mass effect games . 	oh man i do n't know if she had dyed hair at the time , name start with a c ? 
yeah , that poor , poor dude . his sex slave made him feel bad . my heart goes out to him . 	what 's sad is that he probably is n't even aware she has feelings . 
that makes no sense . false rape allegations make headlines and destroy men 's lives . charges dropped or not when the name is googled rape pops up . makes life tough . 	you have a point , but it happens so rarely it 's not worth not respecting the women who actually have been sexually assaulted . 
that actually seems really nice . 	exactly . if the man knew he would n't have time to pay the bills and take care of the wife then maybe that 's what he saw as being the best - case solution . perhaps not but who knows . 
i 'm conflicted on how to feel about this . in a way it 's sweet that he got someone to take care of her and be with her when he was offshore . 	on the other hand he 's very actively replacing her . 
it 's my secret skill . i call it the karma - self - alley - oop . learn it and enjoy the imaginary points ! 	you just dunked yourself a gold star . best karma - play i 've seen in my life . 
you almost got me . you should make it shorter next time . people always skip to the bottom before a wall of text to make sure they are n't going to get tree fiddy 'd . 	this was me right here . saw a long - ass wall , skimmed to bottom , confirmed joke post . 
excuse me ? we should n't worry about false ones ? i 'll sit here comfortably in reality while you reside in fantasy land . 	please tell me of an incident than has given you worry that one day you , or somebody you care about , may be falsely imprisoned on a rape charge . 
he was probably getting paid to marry them and make them citizens . i used to know this dude that would pay off people to marry his cousins to bring them to the us from china 	i 'd be a professional green card groom . that sounds like an alright deal . 
not quite as bad but my dads 50 . youngest 4 , oldest 33 . 	your dad is heading down that path . 
yes , the saddest part is not the woman forced to move to a foreign country and become wholly dependent on a stranger because she happened to be born in a shitty part of the world . 	these women choose this route because they think it will bring them happiness and wealth , and you know what ? most of the time it does . no one is being forced at any time in the process . 
from me or from them ?  yes , please include photos , gentlemen . this mail - order spouse thing is meant to benefit me , right ? i have never purchased a human before , this is a new experience . 	oh , you 're not being funny you 're being bitter . how sad . 
isle of white ? 	no , king island . 
in that case , can i just have the money you 're currently making ? thanks . 	tax collector ? 
i 'm trying real hard to not imagine the old guy hacking them to pieces after he 'd have tonnes of sex with them , and then going on to the next one . 	haha , you really just pissed on a couple of nice day dreams did n't you there bud ? i was all with the nice image of a dude just trying to help out . but now , well now i 'm just suspicious . 
that 's an interesting way of describing it , its funny because white trash is n't usually associated with good looking people 	redneck girls when they are young , in america , can be pretty hot . 
bro , did you even read the last sentence ? 	nope did n't get past realizing it was bullshit . 
if the person in question identifies as a woman , is taking estrogen , has implants and clearly passes as a woman then just treat them as a woman rather than being a bigoted ass . 	certainly not being a bigot . if a person was born a dude , has a penis but pretends to be a chic , then that person is still a dude . sorry bro . 
it 's my secret skill . i call it the karma - self - alley - oop . learn it and enjoy the imaginary points ! 	if the queen had nuts , she 'd be a king 
why do n't you ask your dad ? 	he always dodges the question , just like my mom . plus now should n't i know how my parents met ? i think i might 've asked when i was little too . 
made it halfway . hopefully it had a happy ending . i could n't risk finding out . 	it did n't that man was violently insane and should never have been accepted to an agency . 
can confirm ; just turned 40 and i can feel the fucks starting to slip away . 	37 here . i did n't know i had any left to give .   
everyone is treating this like it 's some quirky , funny , wonderful thing for lonely men . it 's really not . this is literally what human trafficking is . 	read up what human trafficking is you dumbass get that hippie shit out of here these girls arnt tricked into this or coming against their will . 
what are you talking about ? 	nobody cares whether you can own property there or not . it 's not the point of the discussion . it 's irrelevant to the posting 's point . do you understand that simpleton ? 
no , a male aunt .  auntie lou has a ring to it . 	aunt - man 
from the u . s . to finland . 	did you speak finnish before you got there ? how is that going ? 
exactly like stray cats . how long did it take him to start rubbing up against your legs ? 	about a week . 
my dads second wife was the same age as his first daughter so my half sister is 20 years older than i am and my oldest niece is older than i am . 	does she call you uncle ? 
that 's amazing . it 's so different for the girls .  and it 's surprising that korean guys are into russian girls , i thought they only liked the really small , quiet , dark - haired ones . 	i work a lot with japanese people and they 're all very into russian girls . 
or , do n't buy and claim ownership of an actual real human - being as a sex slave . 	1 : they are n't sex slaves and it 's legal . false accusations are illegal however . ergo rock beats scissor , false claims beat mail order bride .  2 : correct term is now bang maid . 
if you prefer to ignore humor and be a cry baby , yeah , that 's what he 's saying . 	what about that is funny ? 
from me or from them ?  yes , please include photos , gentlemen . this mail - order spouse thing is meant to benefit me , right ? i have never purchased a human before , this is a new experience . 	like a writing desk ! 
you can have kids and stuff w a guy , too ! 	i 've experienced men and am now interested more in women . 
i 'm conflicted on how to feel about this . in a way it 's sweet that he got someone to take care of her and be with her when he was offshore . 	i mean , if that was his main concern he could have probably gotten someone without ordering a new wife . 
heck , i 'm turning 23 tomorrow and the amount of fucks i give is substantially less than last year ! 	happy birthday auntie lou ! 
i 'm conflicted on how to feel about this . in a way it 's sweet that he got someone to take care of her and be with her when he was offshore . 	shit it was probably several times cheaper than a live - in nurse . 
never tried kebab . is it like shawarma ? 	like gyros , but with lamb i think . 
as a human , i 'm sorry she went through that . 	as a swede , i 'm sorry she has to live in norway . 
no , a male aunt .  auntie lou has a ring to it . 	auntie mama ! 
could you hold still , my sausages are falling off 	generally a person 's chest is not where you 're supposed to put your sausage . 
that means everybody with a paid job is a victim of human trafficking . 	are you obligated to have sex with your boss ? 
typical navy . 	he 's a marine , not a seaman . the seaman may have just gone along with it . 
so wait , he 's now 79 with 3 young kids ? 	so he 's already past the average life expectancy of a normal adult with kids who wo n't be ready to live on their own for another decade . yikes man . 
i imagine someone furiously pumping a raisin to get some grape juice . 	or trying to prick a couple tears from a stone like drops of blood from an infants baby toe . 
only if i could n't work for some reason . 	are you expecting your wife to be a housewife . what if she were able to have a more lucrative career than you ? 
they are paying them to marry . 	with the intention that they will then be their wives . they are not paying them for a ceremony or to go to city hall . 
you . you gonna eat that ? 	you can have the tip of my sausage if you 're still hungry 
well both are good points , maybe if there 's no reason and no agreement they should n't be able to get half of everything . but staying married without wanting to is unnatural . 	yes , my concern is about scammers , but i do n't really know divorce laws in brazil 
can confirm ; just turned 40 and i can feel the fucks starting to slip away . 	43 here , sweatpants in public ? stripping down for the doctor ? gym locker room ? socks with sandals ? no problem !  but stay the fuck off my lawn . 
that 's kind of sweet in a way . 	yeah , in a sweet rape type of way 
let 's not forget about the lead singer of bad ass punk band against me ! laura jane grace . 	transgender dysphoria blues was so fucking powerful . 
wait , you have to pay them ? i thought it was all about the green card . damn . i have n't got any money . 	no you have to pay a pretty hefty fee to the agency or family or whatever and then support them so it 's only for like rich dudes 
you . you gonna eat that ? 	wanna split it ? 
your sister did that ? what a bitch . 	no . my ex husband 's brother 's wife . 
could you hold still , my sausages are falling off 	could you hold my sausage still ? my pants are falling off . 
i can offer you dinner every night and my pet cat who will have a passive aggressive relationship with you . 	what more does a man need ? 
your mom is wrong . my ex brother in law 's left him and took him to the cleaners . 	your sister did that ? what a bitch . 
north queensland . i 'd rather not say which city precisely . 	fair enough ! i work in an aussie bowling centre as a facilities manager , so i was just curious . 
i imagine someone furiously pumping a raisin to get some grape juice . 	definitely ca n't erase that image out of my head . 
you almost got me . you should make it shorter next time . people always skip to the bottom before a wall of text to make sure they are n't going to get tree fiddy 'd . 	agreed . i saw how long it was and expected either a serious tag joke or a three fiddy one . 
a few years after , sitting around talking after a huge christmas dinner , family doing the close family thing .   	my family is close too , but we do n't share that level of details about our sex lives . that would be sooooo awkward for my fam . 
i mean , if that was his main concern he could have probably gotten someone without ordering a new wife . 	having a live in nurse is expensive . having a mail order bride is shipping and handling . 
honey , did you let the cat out ? honey ? dear ?  shit , forgot to pay the wife bill !   	gone girl 2 : the mail order bride 
if the person in question identifies as a woman , is taking estrogen , has implants and clearly passes as a woman then just treat them as a woman rather than being a bigoted ass . 	you 're saying that if a person is n't attracted to a transgender and they were intentionally deceived , they 're a bigoted ass ? 
no idea , but the fact it exists is beyond disgusting . 	this is legitimately the most inhumane thing i 've heard out of america in a long time . 
heck , i 'm turning 23 tomorrow and the amount of fucks i give is substantially less than last year ! 	i turned 23 a few days ago . it 's brilliant and i literally felt the fucks disappear the minute it ticked over midnight . have a good 'un ! 
do n't try to buy other humans ? i would n't feel bad for the guys either . 	they did n't order mail order brides , they were just scammed . one girl he worked with introduced him to her sister online . 
i want to be a male aunt . 	aunt - man . best superhero ever . 
was this the first argument about her family ? 	no - there were a few small arguments and comments , but one day my uncle said something about them being together forever , she said she wanted to go back to russia , etc . shit happened . 
as long as you supply track suits and vodka you 'll be fine . 	jesus . you do n't know how true this actually is . 
can confirm ; just turned 40 and i can feel the fucks starting to slip away . 	i 'm turning 30 and hope i 'll be finding a lot of fucks in my life still .  i do n't mind if they 're slippery . 
based on my aunt and the 3 years i lived in japan , asian woman dont age til 60 or 70 . then they catch it all at once . 	asians experience time differently to other ethnicity , but when they do catch the old , it takes its toll on their body 
i love how he sucks cos he doesnt shower and brush his teeth while she 's amazing cos she 's pretty . 	i 'm not saying that she 's amazing . i worked with this guy for 6 years , he was a very disgusting person when it came to hygiene . 
that means their marriage was never valid , therefore neither was her green card . did she end up being deported , or did he let her continue ? 	he kicked her out of the house right away . i do n't know what happened to her after that , but he divorced her for sure . 
i want to be a male aunt . 	aunt - man ? 
everything is easier with money . 	except being poor . that gets more difficult . 
i 'm filipino and for the most part , if you 're considered educated you have some understanding of the english language . 	i 'm sure that 's true . now imagine learning , then not using a language for years and years . that shit slips away fast when you do n't use it . 
or , do n't buy and claim ownership of an actual real human - being as a sex slave . 	i do n't think people buy mail - order brides as sex - slaves , but because they 're too awkward or do n't want to put in the effort of finding a wife themselves . 
love is not a choice , are you serious ? the choice is to stay with them .  geeze i hope you 're not married or plan on it . 	in a deeply satisfying , long term relationship with the woman i intend to marry , so , sorry to disappoint . just a lesson i 've learned along the way . 
what is probably not true ? 	it 's probably not true that they 'd find it harder to accept the lie than his homosexuality . 
i 'm conflicted on how to feel about this . in a way it 's sweet that he got someone to take care of her and be with her when he was offshore . 	i bet she was okay with it i mean you are dying and u know death is right around the corner u might as well meet your husbands next wife and make sure he is happy and treats him well . 
it 's not easy , but it is doable . there are indeed foreigners that own property . 	probably about as easy as a foreigner getting swiss citizenship . possible but not likely to happen for most people interested . 
so she got pregnant fairly early into the marriage . 	this is crucial if you get married at 65 . 
this was really informative .  i 've always assumed that this was just a barely - legal way of human - trafficking . 	barely - legal mail order brides cost extra . 
most foreign women have more multicultural experience than american women in my experience . i only have roughly 20 counties to compare with , though . 	and what does that have to do with what the other person said ? 
it 's not easy , but it is doable . there are indeed foreigners that own property . 	no there is n't . they may be minority shareholders in a company that owns property , or they may own a condo but they ca n't own property in thailand . 
almost reminds me of mr healy from orange is the new black . did n't his mail order bride get a boyfriend ? 	that 's a gag like that 's been used in countless tv shows and movies . 
you almost got me . you should make it shorter next time . people always skip to the bottom before a wall of text to make sure they are n't going to get tree fiddy 'd . 	fool me once ! 
hail lou the one true aunt ! 	sig heil ! 
or your uncle was paid to marry her in order to get her into the states and he did it to get some cash to help his failing moving company . 	yup . i knew a dude from college that did that for about 8k . he said it was wierd taking her out , in order to maintain the ruse , while her actual bf was there all the time . 
yea , our countries media is pure truth ! their media is propaganda ! our leader is a hero ! their leader is scum ! 	neither is pure truth and neither is exempt from propaganda . i hope you come to realize that . it 's kind of dumb to say that whilst claiming your version of the story is the absolute truth . 
because women hold all of the power in domestic abuse cases , as well as false rape allegations and other similar events . 	yeah , apart from the fact when it happens to a women people tend not to believe her . because of people like you . 
no , a male aunt .  auntie lou has a ring to it . 	does everyone have an auntie lou ? i suddenly feel the need to call mine up and ask how she 's doing . 
cheers geoff ! 	who 's jeff ? 
sir , why is this package dripping with blood ? 	it 's transmission fluid . 
she sold herself . 	and he bought her . 
this is my favorite story . maybe because i am insane in that same way . i 'm glad the extended family accepted her . happy endings all around ! 	but only after dinner . 
so you 're literally saying that murdering a transgender person is okay ? jesus fuck 	if you prefer to ignore humor and be a cry baby , yeah , that 's what he 's saying . 
no way : mow the lawn ! wash the car ! repair the toaster !  what do you think i need a husband for ? 	i enjoy doing those things , except the toaster . never fixed one before .  i am required to watch copious amounts of hockey and play at least twice a week . 
it 's my secret skill . i call it the karma - self - alley - oop . learn it and enjoy the imaginary points ! 	oh god , i do n't know what to believe anymore . what if reddit is all one person with 50 million alts ? 
you do n't actually need to get your brides by mail order anymore . if you 've got a fast internet connection , you can just download one . 	and if you have a 3d printer or access to one you can just print her out . 
could you hold still , my sausages are falling off 	that 's not where you 're supposed to put your sausage 
no deal . the mail order brides are the ones feeding the husbands , so why should the mail order husbands get fed by the wives ? 	that 's the payment . you buy a bride outright but you lease a husband with meals . 
i could be completely wrong but the way i understood it , the women were happy to move to america and live a much better life , actually . 	yeah but it tells volumes that they basically have to become semi - permanent escorts of some sort just to be happier . 
yeah , in a sweet rape type of way 	more like long term prostitution . 
i 'm sure that 's true . now imagine learning , then not using a language for years and years . that shit slips away fast when you do n't use it . 	english is the language in manila outside of your house . maybe op exaggerated a bit . it 's impossible to not use the language as you 're immersed in it . 
you 're giving them too much credit . i doubt that the average norwegian knows the religions of the various peoples in the balkans . 	your average norwegian , as any other average european , is well versed in the political geography of europe . 
not to mention that cynical bitches who want to destroy a man have no issues faking a genuine , loving relationship on that path . phoebe , you whore . 	fucking phoebe , such a big slut . 
well , the business side of things is kinda the reason to do the whole legal aspect of marriage . 	yeah . the view of marriage as a business is better aimed at parenthood too . all that matters is that it is financially and emotionally mutually beneficial for the parents and kids . 
almost reminds me of mr healy from orange is the new black . did n't his mail order bride get a boyfriend ? 	i think their main problem is a language barrier . and the fact that she hates him . but i do n't remember her having a boyfriend . it would be perfect if she had a lesbian lover . 
you know by heart that you are gay and like men . why dont you find a man and not spoil a beautiful asian girl 's life . thanks . 	lol . you must be one of those gay men who think all bi guys have to be struggling gays . 
it not pretending they see themselves as female and do everything they can do be as feminine as possible . 	you are born with a gender and that 's forever . 
?  this story is n't me but about a friend . sorry if my story was in any way confusing . they have been together 15 years and are still happy . 	nah man i accidentally replied to yours instead of the comment i just minimized . 
i 've had two awkward coworkers at two different jobs in two different states get dumped by beautiful foreign girls immediately after they got their citizenship . seems commonplace . poor guys . 	do n't try to buy other humans ? i would n't feel bad for the guys either . 
or , do n't buy and claim ownership of an actual real human - being as a sex slave . 	they are not slaves , they still have rights . you should look into actual sex slavery , it 's a disgusting world . 
if i was desperate and living in some shit hole , i 'd consider marrying some dude for a hail mary shot at being happy . or at least warm . 	i live in america , and i 'm a straight male , but i 'd marry a random dude for a hail marry shot at being happy . 
could you hold still , my sausages are falling off 	that 's cuz you put your sausage in the wrong place hehe 
unless you 're innocent and staring down the barrel of a prison sentence because your wife is ruthless .  ukranian and russian women , when angry , are worse than any icbm . 	please tell me of any incident , anywhere , where consensual sex between spouses led to a prosecution for rape . 
she 's gona ask you to send her money . 	ask her for a loan first . it 's like asking bums for a smoke before they hit you up for change . 
everything is easier with money . 	for the us , you need substantial amounts of money . like , hundreds of thousands of dollars . 
thank you , friendly internet - stranger . once the promised money arrives from that nigerian prince , i will transfer it directly to you . 	the package will arrive in a small box with holes . inside will be a frog , kiss the frog and he 'll whisper to you the next steps in a very sensual tone . 
heck , i 'm turning 23 tomorrow and the amount of fucks i give is substantially less than last year ! 	april 26 , 1992 ? that 's my birthday too ! happy birthday , fellow newly - 23 year old ! 
damn i live in arizona . no lawn . 	i 'll zen rake your sand ? 
if our leaders have tought us anything it 's that you should never let the law get in the way of profits . 	which rule of acquisition is this ? 
i think bigots genuinely believe trans people do n't exist and therefore do n't worry about them . 	how do we know if trans people exist if our eyes are n't real ? 
heck , i 'm turning 23 tomorrow and the amount of fucks i give is substantially less than last year ! 	happy birthday ! 
romanian women are hot . in fact , eastern european women seem to be hot in general . 	currently in romania from the states . can confirm , romanian women are hot . 
op 's dad warned him to avoid them because they 're russian , not because they 're women . 	no , he said russian women are all the same , not russians . so it 's both . would you not find it sexist if i said american men are all the same set of male , american stereotypes ? 
you should ask the women who got married , you would get different responses 	i saw a post by the daughter of one who said she saw her mother being raped by her new step father 20 minutes after getting off the plane . 
does the line start here ? i heard there was free ravioli for life 	free ravioli and i can split yard work with some other guys . where do i sign up ? 
can confirm ; just turned 40 and i can feel the fucks starting to slip away . 	47 here . lost my last fuck about 1 year ago somewhere on the turnpike between washington dc and cleveland . it 's yours if you find it . do n't want or need it . 
i 'm trying real hard to not imagine the old guy hacking them to pieces after he 'd have tonnes of sex with them , and then going on to the next one . 	he 's in his 90s ; the only hacking going on would be his cough . 
dogs do love you , though . 	so it 's more like getting a cat ? 
can confirm ; just turned 40 and i can feel the fucks starting to slip away . 	happy belated birthday ! 
how about an australian ? i speak no german . 	i am sorry , good sir , but i have had nothing but negative experiences with australia and its men . 
why did you think i was a man ?  i 'm a woman who 's still waiting for an example of a false rape allegation that 's fucked up a life . 	brian banks spent more than 5 years in prison on fake charges , and was only freed after the accuser admitted she made it all up 
as a swede , i 'm sorry she has to live in norway . 	as a scottish person , fuck the vikings i . e your ancestors . 
was she a pretty young blonde with a prominent jaw line ? 	she had dyed black hair when i met her . the the same name as one of the main female characters for the mass effect games . 
i do n't know what these women expect . any guy who has to buy a woman to marry him ca n't be a great catch can he ? 	i do n't think they go into it expecting to start a household . i 'm pretty sure its on the same level of human trafficking 
a spelling error ? i must be completely retarded . better not listen to anything i have to say . 	i see that you completely ignored the first question . i assume because you have hit a wall in your reasoning . 
you almost got me . you should make it shorter next time . people always skip to the bottom before a wall of text to make sure they are n't going to get tree fiddy 'd . 	as soon as i saw the gold i checked the last sentence . 
please elaborate . a helpful elaboration would be to give an example of a false rape allegation that ruined a life . 	what about the whole rolling stone debacle ? where the accused is now suing columbia ?  or that case with the two librarians who literally made up a sexual harassment allegation for no reason . 
itt : fake stories . 	were you expecting any real ones ? 
you have a point , but it happens so rarely it 's not worth not respecting the women who actually have been sexually assaulted . 	yeah nobody is saying that .  it happens enough that it 's clearly an issue 
heck , i 'm turning 23 tomorrow and the amount of fucks i give is substantially less than last year ! 	i 'm 30 years of age . 
this sounds like a good deal . name your price . 	beard scratches and back rubs . can you handle the financial burden ? 
is that the one where a planet crushes chewbacca , or whatever ? or am i thinking of battlestar galactica ? 	no , that 's avatar . this is the episode where walter and daredevil get married by shepherd book on serenity . 
you 're friends with a 70 year old man ?  edit : are you like marty mcfly or something ? 	yep .  when you reach a certain age , you find you have friends all over the age spectrum . 
to suggest that a woman needs to cut hers off to be a woman is offensive to her . 	no . women do n't have penises . by definition . it seems you should spend time learning what words mean . 
i find it so sweet that your dad let you pick her out . 	hey son , i know you are only 7 and just want your parents to be together again , but how about you pick a chick for daddy to bang next ? 
he thought he could get away with it , but you caught him . good work officer , i 'll make sure you get a commendation for this . 	i thought this was him replying about himself again . i laughed hysterically and then realized it was a different user name . 
i 'd be a professional green card groom . that sounds like an alright deal . 	would you marry a man ? 
there is also the whole thing of even temporary work visas not being enforced . i know a guy that has been living in the states for 11 years on a 6 month work visa . 	if he ever tries to leave the country , though , they wo n't be terribly happy with him . 
is your country generally suspicious all foreigners ? i mean , i ca n't visually tell the difference between someone from eastern europe and a norwegian . 	it can be pretty vile some of the stuff people say behind closed doors . especially when they are drunk . a norwegian will never say this in public of course . 
she is a she , may have a penis still a she . 	this is now the dumbest thing i 've ever read . 
if our leaders have tought us anything it 's that you should never let the law get in the way of profits . 	what rule of acquisition is this ? 
yes , the saddest part is not the woman forced to move to a foreign country and become wholly dependent on a stranger because she happened to be born in a shitty part of the world . 	get off your high horse , there are some jets set to fly over today . 
does she call you uncle ? 	aunt , but yes .  and i was a great aunt when i was 13 . 
they did n't 20 years ago . my guess is that perhaps that started when ins got transferred over to homeland security after 911 . 	they did have guns back in 2000 when i went through the nonsense , long before homeland security . at least in denver . 
i never said the murder of any student was n't news worthy , i just would n't hear about it in the news if it were anyone other than a pretty young white girl . 	i agree . when it happens to a pretty young girl it gets more attention . sad but true . 
it would n't surprise me at all if that area had a serial killer or two in it , honestly . perfect hunting grounds . 	oh , stop with the hyperbole . in case you have n't noticed , shit like this happens everywhere . stop watching dexter . 
i never said the murder of any student was n't news worthy , i just would n't hear about it in the news if it were anyone other than a pretty young white girl . 	that was the point of my response . an abduction and murder in a quaint college town is going to be reported regardless of the victim 's race or gender . it 's unusual . 
oh , stop with the hyperbole . in case you have n't noticed , shit like this happens everywhere . stop watching dexter . 	i was n't being hyperbolic . i lived in bloomington for a while and there are a lot of people there who are bat - shit crazy . i was just saying it would n't surprise me . 
did n't think the bar was linked to anything . someone had mentioned that they wondered if this dude had done this before and if there had been others . just makes you wonder . 	it would n't surprise me at all if that area had a serial killer or two in it , honestly . perfect hunting grounds . 
thank you . i guess we 'll start learning how to wrench by next time changing the plugs ourselves . 	i always state that the head gasket is about the most invasive repair you can do while the motor is still in the car . 
thank you , can one change a head gasket ones self ? or must it be done at a garage ? is it like taking off a hat , or is it much more complicated ? 	much more complicated . it 's one of those things that you can easily ruin the engine with one little mistake . unless you have a lot of experience you want the shop to do it . 
unless you 're into olicity i would n't catch up on arrow since they seem to be the main focus of the season . 	well , i watched the first half of the season and the first episode after the winter break . then i just stopped watching for some reason , but i do n't mind olicity . 
i 'm glad to see i 'm not the only one who name 's my bikes . people give me funny looks when i refer to them as angie and christina . 	honestly when you get a bike you are just crazy about , i do n't see why you would n't name it 
great first bike ! will practically take care of itself outside of oil changes and basic wear and tear maintenance with no chain or valve adjustments needed . 	i could n't be happier with it . i bought her off cl so i 'm going to take her to a mechanic tomorrow and have the carbs cleaned and an inspection done , but it seems like she is ready to ride ! 
the way students are shutting down any discourse on campuses is frightening . 	only people scared of their groups validity silence debate . 
thanks . as of now , im fine with just getting my shipping costs refunded .  i wish i caught the drivers fucking name and has his ass and whomever he works with fired . 	if you have the shipping label you should be able to call customer service and get information on who the driver was . 
filling up the room would be fun . it would have to have a back door . get them to chase you in you lock one door and run around and lock the second door 	yeah lol , or with the new permissions stuff anyone who does not have permission that opens the door to the trap could be subject to an insta spawn of them . 
how about a zombie trap room . they blow the door off your shelter and instead of loot you get a handful of zombies pouring out . 	filling up the room would be fun . it would have to have a back door . get them to chase you in you lock one door and run around and lock the second door 
how about a zombie trap room . they blow the door off your shelter and instead of loot you get a handful of zombies pouring out . 	zombies ? son , you are n't thinking big enough .  bear trap room . 
that 's 6 words man 	kos is an abbreviation so technically it is only one word . 
teenagers whose last job was at mcdonalds can do it . 	teenagers who are n't old enough to work legally still do it . 
there are stay at home dad 's too 	yes but mom was specifically said . i 'm just nitpicking out of boredom . 
someone do the thing with the description and the analysis and stuff ! 	nfl network seems to think he has trouble keeping his weight in check and that his strength is his size both at the same time . i have no idea what to think . 
so if we put him at guard would we move long outside ? 	let 's be a little realistic . he 's a 6th round pick . he 'll be lucky to make the roster , much less start at guard . 
nfl network seems to think he has trouble keeping his weight in check and that his strength is his size both at the same time . i have no idea what to think . 	there 's a difference between having good size and being out of shape . you want him to be big , not fat . 
so if we put him at guard would we move long outside ? 	yes . i like long where he is and i think he 's said he wants to stay at guard but the coaching staff would be crazy to not at least try some different combinations in the summer . 
nfl network seems to think he has trouble keeping his weight in check and that his strength is his size both at the same time . i have no idea what to think . 	yeah , but one guy mentioned that his size went up because of problems with his family . he kind of alluded to his weight being in check once those problems settled a bit . 
someone do the thing with the description and the analysis and stuff ! 	he 's a 6th rounder . has the physical makeup but needs a lot of work . if he ever becomes even a regular starter this pick is a success . 
it 's like regular hockey with more gasoline . 	regular hockey ? are you talking about ice hockey ? 
i meant , in canada we like hockey because it 's fast , brutal , the player are agile as fuck with the puck , shots goes 100 mph . what are the selling point of cricket ? 	cricket is the closest a sport can get to a war . the 5 day matches require extremely good strategy and even after all that it can end in a draw . 
 fire hockey sounds fun , where can i watch that ? 	espn illegal , everything from fire hockey to cock magic ! 
canadians are never sorry when it comes to sports . 	we 're polite off the ice , we fight on the ice 
i do n't like cricket .  i love it . 	i meant , in canada we like hockey because it 's fast , brutal , the player are agile as fuck with the puck , shots goes 100 mph . what are the selling point of cricket ? 
 i asked because i get what most sports are about . i know the appeal of football , baseball , soccer , etc . i was not sure about cricket . a 5 days game slower then baseball and what not . 	there are also popular variants of cricket that play in about three hours , such as one day international matches . 
best way to annoy a british person , correct them and call it soccer . 	works every time . might get you punched though . 
best way to annoy a british person , correct them and call it soccer . 	or remind them of the lend - lease program . there is a chance that they do n't care about soccer or a patriots fan . 
soccer , cricket , tennis , field hockey ? are you sure ?  if it 's more watched than basketball the nba needs to get on that asap . 	volleyball is 5th . then it 's table tennis i think .  most sports beat out basketball and american sports in general . 
only live because it 's on a university campus and there are cute fit girls running around in short shorts playing a game that does n't look as stupid as college quidditch . 	we 're going to need some pictures or videos as proof that this sport exists . 
can confirm ! canadian and have never heard of any of my friends ever playing field hockey . road hockey is a thing though . 	isnt road hockey in canada ice hockey ? 
i know field hockey is a thing , but it 's called field hockey . ice hockey is hockey . otherwise you 're just wasting breath . 	found the canadian . 
regular hockey ? are you talking about ice hockey ? 	ice hockey ? do n't be ridiculous . i think you mean water polo . 
i meant , in canada we like hockey because it 's fast , brutal , the player are agile as fuck with the puck , shots goes 100 mph . what are the selling point of cricket ? 	the backing of the british empire . 
false . eh comes at the end of the sentence . 	was it the green ham ?  edit : i 'm leaving it like that 
haha , how long have you been over here ? 	5 years now , 4 in denver , my first year was in indiana 
i guess no one told her that 3 of the 6 officers involved with the arrest were black . 	a black guy in a mostly black city with a black city counsel and a black mayor gets killed by some black cops white people 's fault 
does n't protect true threats , i 'd argue such a broad statement in light of recent events is political rhetoric . 	the fact that you can tie it to political events does not make you declaring you 're plotting to murder certain people tomorrow any less of a non - protected threat . 
that 'd be great ! add me in game , and we can workout a time to do it . the anaconda is one of the ships i 'm most looking forward to hearing . 	will do after work tonight . 
let me rephrase : you ca n't compare it with a western poll because in the western world you do n't get an ak muzzle in the face if you vote against what the russian army tell you to vote . 	but these are not polls from the referendum , they were conducted privately . since when did anyone voting against russia get an ak muzzle in their face ? 
and why the fuck does he have a gas mask on the moon ? 	the helium , obviously . 
the way i understand this is that the moon is full of lgbt nazis in some sexy , sexy uniforms . 	they also exclusively listen to prog rock , but you are correct . 
the world is sick , and we are the doctors ! 	we come in peace ! 
how are your energy levels after a shift ? tired at all ? i find i 'm extremely tired after day shifts to even think about going to the gym . 	caffeine pill and a 20 minute power nap in your car outside the gym . works like a charm . 
can you go into more detail on gym sessions ?  sometimes i feel like i way over - do it and ca n't fully recover for the next shift . 	what are you doing ? cardio or weights ? 
if this match goes to pakistan 's second innings then they have already fucked up . 	i meant pakistan 's second innings bowling . 
expecting him to bowl bangladesh for a low score today .  just have to wait and see if pakistan fuck up their second innings again . 	if this match goes to pakistan 's second innings then they have already fucked up . 
the only one i can think of off the top of my head is when mary - kate and ashley olsen hosted . 	we all saw full house , they 're basically one person 
no . there are just very specific rules about the color , size of font and wording of the sign . if it 's not correctly done , it 's invalid . 	also it 's not in both english and spanish properly 
can you play with mouse on the xbone ? 	technically yes but it requires some unofficial hardware , and does n't work as well as you 'd think . 
i just do n't see the point of complaining about it at this point of the game 's life duration . 	i have n't seen another post with this problem , if you do n't speak up how can they know ? 
here 's how to fix it : win the game in regulation lol . just kidding anything and everything in this game is bs 	i wish ! the last minute in superstar is crazy . hard to even control the puck almost always get scored on 
ya , it 's fucking retarded . i just restart the game if i notice it goes into 4v4 ot during playoffs 	does that fix it ? or are you saying you just play the whole game again to get a different result ? 
hey all - this is certainly not intended . working on getting this updated and corrected asap . 	was the time limit change intended as well ? i definetely noticed a significant change when i was playing . 
i 'd want the bonus immortality effect of not being able to be killed .  also , if you ca n't die , the devil will never be able to collect your soul , so win - win ! 	i 've seen this . you 'll end up with a life sentence in jail . 
i would challenge him to a fiddling contest . if i win , i get a shiny fiddle made of gold . 	i 'll take your bet ; and you 're gonna regret 'cause i 'm the best there 's ever been . 
shape - shifting takes care of the immortality part . lobsters can de - age , so shift into a lobster , de - age and shift back to human 	i 'd want the bonus immortality effect of not being able to be killed .  also , if you ca n't die , the devil will never be able to collect your soul , so win - win ! 
immortality and shape shifting abilities . of course , i assume my singular soul is n't enough payment for that , so i 'd work for him as an agent if that 's what he needed . 	shape - shifting takes care of the immortality part . lobsters can de - age , so shift into a lobster , de - age and shift back to human 
you 're most likely not going to find h that pure unless you make it yourself . shit that pure will fucking kill you if you take too much of it . 	dont worry , i do n't use needles and am quite careful . 
do you have a carrying case recommendation ? these are going to work and back and there are way too many exposed wires to just throw in my laptop bag . 	not sure mate , i 'm probably not the one to ask about that as i always just chuck them in my bag with a myriad of other shit . they 're pretty tough . 
bombs dont discriminate . thats the problems with bombs . they 're cowardly . 	i 'm glad that you can share an educated viewpoint on how these are employed . i 'm sure you have a lot of military training to understand . 
i 'm actually surprised that with fins that big they do n't slow much faster and shoot backwards in relation to the plane . 	they do . this is just slow motion so it seems like they stay at speed longer 
okay , so to be heroic you must discriminate . got it . 	yes , to extrapolate , you 're a hero because you 're a racist . 
article is actually a little helpful but the huge in - line advertising for their own shit is very annoying . 	that 's an example of how the sign - in buttons will look when they go live 
imgur says i 've taken a wrong turn but even the description sounds fantastic why are you people doing this to me 	left the g off . jpg . check again 
all these crazy blunts and joints are cool but how do they burn once you are half way through it ? just curious , i 've never made one . 	i think not well because eventually you 'll have to light it again and unless you light multiple parts of the joint it will start having a side more smoked than the other one 
i think not well because eventually you 'll have to light it again and unless you light multiple parts of the joint it will start having a side more smoked than the other one 	at that point you are pretty high so i would just empty the rest out and smoke it out of glass . 
at that point you are pretty high so i would just empty the rest out and smoke it out of glass . 	but it 'll smell awful because the smoke went thru the buds 
so instead of pressure washing i should just rent dogs ? 	well , if you could find a way to get the dog piss into the pressure washer , you 'd be a millionaire ! 
it 's the opposite . all the heat removed from your home is being dumped outside by that thing . 	but then the coolant comes back in . not that dog piss being on the tubes would soak inside them , and if it but them the ac would shut down pretty quickly . 
dog pee can melt steel beams ? 	does that look like a steel beam to you ? 
now that 's a slow play for an escape plan . 	the long con . 
on the other hand , the piss seems to have kept the wood around the hinge perfectly preserved . 	so instead of pressure washing i should just rent dogs ? 
now that 's a slow play for an escape plan . 	slow play for an escape plan ? sure , if it 's a slow dog . gate has always been open according to the pee pattern . 
dog pee can melt steel beams ? 	my old scottish terrier pissed my steel beam of my basketball hoop down to nothing . then mother nature took care of the rest with a hurricane . 
now that 's a slow play for an escape plan . 	piss shirt bend bar . 
ha ! i have to put chicken wire around anything i plant because otherwise it will get pissed to death . 	how long does the chicken wire last ? 
this sounds like an internal position so those rules do n't apply . 	nah this was an external position with a new company . even more reason why this has really upset me . 
who is this boyfriend ? 	he is not a porn start , he simply is her bf , only person that tops her . 
you know you can align cargo hatches , right ? 	oh wait , did you mean line my cargo hatch up with somebody elses ? o . o no , i did not know that was an option . that changes everything . 
you should n't have to play in solo . 	playing in open is automatic consent to pvp . if you do n't want to do pvp , play in a private group or play in solo . it is that simple . 
nice troll post , guy . first time trying to get a ruse out of people ? 	nope i just want this show cancelled and buried . its shit . and they dont care about their fans or dedicated viewers 
it 's just a show dude . calm down . drink some tea . 	why would i be posting if i were calm about this ? why would you be here if you didnt have a knee jerk reaction to my post considering you dont even watch . 
nope i just want this show cancelled and buried . its shit . and they dont care about their fans or dedicated viewers 	that 's nice , but some people like the show . i myself do n't watch it but just because i do n't like it does n't mean i 'm going to be so butt hurt about it . 
do n't starve - the re - play - ability is outrageous and i 'm finally reaching a second winter ! 	i only know the basic concept of it , but i 'm intrigued . can you tell me more about it ? sounds cool ! 
bloodborne , first souls game and it 's really freaking cool 	i 've loved all the souls games . have n't played that one yet 
its a big grand strategy game . its a bit difficult to figure out at first but once you 've gotten the hang of it its pretty fun . 	where can i get it ? would a shitty laptop run it 
i have a question , what will you be doing during this time ? will you still be working and taking care of your family or have you planned a special retreat ? 	i will be alone in my room reading , sleeping , and praying . 
and a lot of the positive ones only have 2 games owned . 	dev reviews of their own game , i 'm assuming . 
next question : do you guys feel like it would be too awkward to have a 9 year old playing as well ? i do n't want to ruin the experience for anyone . 	as long as she was playing her role like anyone else , i would n't care the age . 
is it just me that thinks the titan vog armor looks shitty ? 	thigh blades ruin it for me , plus the helmet is a can opener . gloves and chest are neat , though . 
what helmet is that ? 	helm of the exile . got it from the tier 8 trials package . 
and you wanted the crota helmet ? lol 	personally i love the crota helm . it 's subjective 
that helmet is dirty . i love it . 	actually , it looks white , bright , and clean . 
my bad brother . just got done smoking without him . 	ya good dude , just a reminder . seriously though , cute puppy . a chihuahua mix ? 
because that 's who goku is .  he likes to fight more than he likes to be with his family . 	i get that completely , but still was it necessary to end the story with goku being a complete deadbeat dad lol . 
of course . of course this is a thing 	lots of leaves on a mtb trail is actually pretty dangerous . they 're very slippery and hide stuff like roots and rocks 
you may want to post better photos as this pictures is not the best . 	i would say you look a little intense , especially with that face you 're making . my advice would be to lighten up . smile a little more . other than that you 're not ugly or stare worthy . 
my house is constantly set to 78 - 79 degrees . i do n't think everyone necessarily needs a heater , you should always measure your water before investing in a good heater . 	i live in an area with large temp swings . basically a desert . 
i asked for your definition , not the definition of a random bot that scrapes its definitions from a random dictionary website .  but i guess i got enough of an answer and i 'll be going now . 	i do n't know what i meant , i just thought the question would be interesting to ask . 
i do n't like when they fuck with a baseball jersey for holidays . regardless of the holiday . 	at least the season is n't during christmas . 
i made strawberry pretzel jello salad and am waiting for it to set . the struggle is real . 	that stuff is like crack . i 'm jelly  
the tried and true baseball whammy ! 	perfect for bottom of the ninth ending called third strikes ! 
might not have been a strikeout , but really , come on matt . not worth throwing your helmet like a child and risking ejection . think of the game , not the at bat . 	eh . it 's worth showing that you disagree because if you politely take it and walk off the ump has no idea that his zone might be off . 
that stuff is like crack . i 'm jelly  	i can eat the whole thing if i want , too . 
do you weigh 50 pounds ? 	210 . but the being tired part hit me like a ton of bricks once i got home . 
fun fact 4 : and the son . 	but big carp is still the holy ghost , right ? 
ah okay . it 's like the top post in the unofficial pregame thread 	oh i do remember reading that one now . my fb feed is full of similar posts . 
no ordinary man has an acoustic bass . 	they 're solely reserved for awesome men ? 
non baseball related , but i love jimmy fallon with the roots . just watched a bunch of their videos with popular artists . very enjoyable . 	want some insider dirt ? the roots hate jimmy with a passion . 
how 're we feeling about adams still batting fourth ? i did n't catch much of the game yesterday , is it looking like he 's coming back to form ? 	depends .  if he does good things , then we feel good about it .  if he does bad things , then we do n't feel good about it . 
at least the season is n't during christmas . 	close enough for st . patrick 's during spring training . 
we will play the twins this year . 	i 'm aware . we will have to break this back out . 
i feel like that only works if we 're playing the twins now 	we will play the twins this year . 
3 - 6 - 1 ? that 's a square number ! 	- 4 is not a square number . its roots are imaginary . 
i think their pitcher just hurt himself on his final warm - up pitch . 	he 's saying he 's fine on the broadcast 
fuck . after such a great game from carlos , too . stag has normally been money this year . 	everybody has bad days . wish it was n't today though . 
ok , laziness won out over work . i 'm home and ready for some baseball ! also maybe some day drinking . 	i 'll drink to that . 
seriously , who said the d - backs had a poor bullpen ?  this guy 's like randy johnson out there 	i 've come to this beautiful subreddit just to tell you : our bullpen is indeed , shit . 
yeah , this is what i think . i just think that irresponsible people will figure out ways to be irresponsible . 	most people are dumb . for the most part , they 'll pound the beer they buy in the seventh and then be booze - less in the 8th and 9th . 
wait . you play instruments ? 	multiple actually . 
might not have been a strikeout , but really , come on matt . not worth throwing your helmet like a child and risking ejection . think of the game , not the at bat . 	weird that the other day he threw his helmet and smashed his bat , twice - and the ump did n't say a word . 
how 're we feeling about adams still batting fourth ? i did n't catch much of the game yesterday , is it looking like he 's coming back to form ? 	i 'm upset that he 's batting at all .  just kidding i love him but yeah he 's not hitting well . 
here lies perez 's foot annihilated by a matt holliday 400 mph line drive may it rest in pieces 	there are n't any pieces left . it just completely disintegrated . 
wife said to buy tickets for the friday night game . where is the best place to sit . my vote is 3rd baseline . 	i sat a few rows up from the cardinals on deck circle last year . those seats were fantastic . 
i do n't like it either . should have gone with the navy 's print . 	i kinda want to see navy blue in the logo , names , and numbers now just to see how it looks . the red with blue . 
there are some jerseys where the camo fits , like the d - backs . the cards are not one of the uniforms 	camo on white and camo on gray both look absolutely awful . camo on colors just look regular dumb . 
at least you are off . i 'm stuck at work , on the one day that the yankees actually felt like hitting the ball . 	oh i 've already put in 10 hours of work today . 
i hate the colors . they need to bring back the purple and teal combo . now they 're just another red team in a league full of red teams . 	at least they 're the only red team in the nl west . i think 2 purple teams in the same division is a bit much . 
most people are dumb . for the most part , they 'll pound the beer they buy in the seventh and then be booze - less in the 8th and 9th . 	yeah , but the alcohol still takes the same amount of time to process 
i need baseball food , but i am dead tired , can barely lift my arms .  am taking suggestions 	hot dogs . 
fallon did a pretty awesome duet of old man with neil young recently , not sure of your taste in music and whether or not you may have seen it , but it 's worth watching if you have n't 	holy shit that was awesome . i love me some neil young and that was extremely enjoyable . 
non baseball related , but i love jimmy fallon with the roots . just watched a bunch of their videos with popular artists . very enjoyable . 	fallon did a pretty awesome duet of old man with neil young recently , not sure of your taste in music and whether or not you may have seen it , but it 's worth watching if you have n't 
we take a thumb print on a citation if you did n't have some form of valid id on you at the time . 	we both had valid id , but as stated above we were just being cautious .  also i do n't know if you 're a burn notice fan but i love and appreciate your username . 
it 's kind of sad these posts get mass downvoted , probably downvoted by the people who like to abuse these promotions . 	or because people do n't care for attention seeking quit posts . if you 're going to quit , then quit no need to draw it out . 
or because people do n't care for attention seeking quit posts . if you 're going to quit , then quit no need to draw it out . 	sorry that you are mad about a post .  cheer up , bud . 
well played amigo , enjoy swimming in virtual money 	it 's a real money for me . i trade them for real money 
holy shit is this game gonna end ? anyone going big on vega ? 	big bet on vega to win me back what i lost on hr . might turn out to be a bad idea , but i think they deserve more than 50 - 50 odds . unless navi got a big morale boost from their 2 - 0 vs hr . 
this is how they fuck you out of unemployment . call your manager and ask why you do n't have the same number of hours , and if you do n't get a satisfactory answer , ask him to fire you . 	if they were only part time before how does this effect unemployment ? 
if you have a bladedancer use him to get the far bomb , send a defender to the middle one and any person can get the near bomb . killing wizards is a priority . 	this is how my group did it . it worked well . 
oh look , reddit males will never have to leave the house and actually talk to a woman . 	what 's barring women from using this and never leaving the house either ? 
i 'm not really sure what were talking about but how much current do speakers take ? 	i do n't know about current , but 20 watts would be a third of the power a 60 watt lightbulb needs . 
fellow bay area dweller ? those things are heavenly . 	yup ! my god i dropped by for a cup of coffee just now and it took such effort to resist the baked goods they go so well together ! 
yup ! my god i dropped by for a cup of coffee just now and it took such effort to resist the baked goods they go so well together ! 	i was very happy to find that the black coffees with mint are also delicious . would be better for every day if it were n't for the price tag . ack . 
sucks does n't it . giving more people pumps would probably save the nhs money in the long run but just like every part of this county , they do n't think long term . 	your username makes me guess you are a woman . you might have some luck if you asked for a pump because you were planning to get pregnant . 
shit sorry . food and cooking board on 4chan 	haha you 're fine . i am going to check it out that board ! 
so you 're saying i should dress up my penis 	top hat and bow tie required . 
top hat and bow tie required . 	just need a xs dog new year 's costume and i 'm set 
i went to that concert too ! fucking amazing . when he did the fast part of rap god my jaw dropped . he did it flawlessly . 	no doubt ! i could barely hear the end of rap god because the crowd just went batshit crazy while he was doing the fast part . 
males can be sluts too . i 'm a male and i was definitely a slut . 	i have never heard of the word used in reference to men , but i suppose it could . 
i 've been asking how to combine my two greatest passions : the giants and game of thrones into one ! my stars and sun 	and beer ! 
none of these have gravity enabled when i play them ? t_t 	you should play them on one of my servers for it to work . 
hmm , weird , let 's hope ball - e makes his map gravity so we can play that one . 	i 've redone all of mine 
3 . 1 im guessing ? 	nah 3 . 0 
none of these have gravity enabled when i play them ? t_t 	read the instructions above them . you have to load from the test server up there  
care to justify ? 	because he smokes weed but does n't drink . 
i disagree . alcohol should be illegal while marijuana should be legal . 	because the last time we made alcohol illegal it totally went swimmingly and nothing bad happened as a result at all .  i agree that marijuana should be legalized and regulated , though . 
sigh . this kills me .  come on fellas , just keep it at home . you 're black , famous and living in the middle of nowhere . that makes you a target whether it 's fair or not . 	i was coming in to post the sad trombone sound effect , but now i just feel guilty about the drug war . 
sigh . this kills me .  come on fellas , just keep it at home . you 're black , famous and living in the middle of nowhere . that makes you a target whether it 's fair or not . 	well , how do you expect him to get his weed to his house ? fly it by drone ? 
maybe canada does it differently ? something to keep in my mind . thanks ! 	thats why its always important to at least say which country you are living in . if your bill shows the price before and after tax , than check if the tax is the same . 
i am glad i 'm not the only who likes to stare at how great her boobs look in a good bra , haha ! 	i will take off and put it back on like 3 times a day just to be reminded of how happy my boobs look . 
i think i have a bra shopping addiction . anyone know of any very niche support groups ? 	i really do n't see a problem with women buying a lot of bras . go forth and shop , i say ! 
i will take off and put it back on like 3 times a day just to be reminded of how happy my boobs look . 	right there with you ! i got my first victoria 's secret bra this month and sometimes i ca n't help but stare at how awesome they look ! 
it makes me sad that i did n't think to laugh at first because that 's definitely something she would do . 	i am a bad enough person that i would dare her to call the cops for refusing to talk to her . but that 's just me . 
please , if you know how i can move out , tell me . i 've been begging people to tell me how for months now . since you seem to know everything , why do n't you tell me ? 	open the door , start walking . seriously , just go to a homeless shelter if it 's that bad . take responsibility for your life . 
i do n't play puff , but thanks . is n't the up b hard to do , for the fire punch ? 	yeah , you gotta hit em within the first frame or so of the move , so right when it starts up : p 
yeah , you gotta hit em within the first frame or so of the move , so right when it starts up : p 	and it only launches real well off the ground .  hmm . i find running around with him to be hard because he has that stupid lack of friction thing . 
the fuck does their dress sense have to do with anything when the topic is about hair ? 	well if you want someone to picture a haircut , it makes sense to choose an example that matches the clothing style she is looking for . 
i think that would be pretty hard to pull off . 	i agree , but when they work , they work . it may be something to at least consider and try on . 
i 'd just see if he would bite the bullet and shave his head 	i did a few years back . no maintenance . no hat hair . embrace male pattern baldness . 
if you want it totally smooth it 's once per day .   	also , razor burn . every second day is fine . i do n't shave my face daily either , though . i know people have different textures and growth rates . 
you gotta be careful with drunk shopping , i once drunkenly bought a tina turner concert on dvd from amazon . 	and i bet you had a majestic evening with miss turner . 
my tits are calm . and hairy . there 's a bit of hair around my nips . 	your tits seem pretty angry to me . get those tits under control . 
i was worried about this before but then i realised i actually do n't care . 	for a second i thought your flair was what i had as a res tag for you . that was a kind of funny second . 
i buy all my vodka at the store i work at , if they say stuff about it i laugh . 	shit when i worked at a store that sold alcohol i bought some every night at the end of my shift . no shits given . retail does that to you . lol 
did you dial 1 first ? 	no , you gotta dial 9 to get an outside line . 
tried the phone number , did n't work guys . 	did you dial 1 first ? 
laughing in bed is the best . 	for serious . if everyone 's having fun and comfortable with each other , there should be plenty of laughs . 
180 the room , basically move all furniture and items to the identical place on the opposite side of the room . this one is especially good if they are ocd . 	cupboards and desk fixed to the wall : l 
another good option would be shrek faces everywhere . 	nicolas cage 's face on shrek 's head ? anyone good at photoshop ? 
i 'd rather he rest . 	a few extra games , he 's not playing full minutes , gets to play with the best players , i think its worth it . 
you are allowed to sit with a tip box ? 	depends on how many people in your group and what exactly you are doing . you ca n't gamble and play card games for money on the street . 
i think a fair few of the avengers do know ? certainly the important ones - cap , stark and wolverine . 	did he reveal it or did they figure it out ? pretty sure wolverine at the very least figured it out himself . 
it 's always better when it 's not your hookers and blow . 	do n't get high on your own supply 
man that 's a sweet deal . i 'd be all over that like white on rice ! 	wait , are we allowed to submit more than once ? if we could that would be the best thing since sliced bread ! 
how do you carry it up through hatches or up steep ladders ? do you just rope it up ? 	yep , i use mountain climbing rope . then , you have a rope on the roof as well ! : d 
actually if you engine brake awd will help you stop in the snow more than 2wd . 	op probably does n't know how to engine brake as that would have stopped him easily if it was only a slight hill . 
if you 're walking in the street , i would suggest staying on the left side of the road so you are facing oncoming traffic . 	yeah , i do that . but because the road is now so narrow from snow banks , the cars from both directions drive more or less in the center . 
especially in this city , since so many people do n't have cars , and many have never even gotten their driver 's license , so they may not understand what cars do and why they do it . 	or all the people driving around in their awd suvs with bald all - season tires wondering why their car is sliding because they have no clue .   
actually if you engine brake awd will help you stop in the snow more than 2wd . 	true , but i feel like your available traction is better spent on the breaks . plus engine braking wont actually stop you . 
just a thought : maybe do n't drive until conditions change if your car ca n't come out of its spot without sliding .  of course you do n't know that until after you pulled out of your spot . 	your rwd cadillac looked quite nice until late december . but now you 're just the fucking asshole who ca n't get going at a green light . 
clearly someone does n't drive . 	go look at my comment history and see the post describing how abs works , threshold braking , etc . 
just a thought : maybe do n't drive until conditions change if your car ca n't come out of its spot without sliding .  of course you do n't know that until after you pulled out of your spot . 	it was only bad on my street in that one spot . ca n't go much about it . 
one guy decided to finally pass me when i put on my signal to turn . did n't wait for me to actually turn though .  it 's like seriously , dude ? 	he 'll probably end up in a ditch with his really expensive 4wd truck spinning its tires . hopefully he wo n't pin some kid underneath it . 
do n't pin roll loose jeans , makes it look even worse 	as a white guy new to the game , i found this out the hard way . 
if this was three men against a woman instead of the other way around the comments here would be very different , and tumblr would probably implode . 	because 3 men vs 1 girl results in 1 dead girl . 3 girls against 1 guy results in a few bruises . 
i love how the lady he pushed does n't miss a beat , just turns her slide into picking up the table and beating him with it . 	wwe needs to work on their recruiting team . 
source please , i want to see the rest of the fight ! 	me too , i want to see what happens before this cut 
true . i just commented without thinking i guess . 	it was actually my first thought too but after thinking about it some more i changed my mind . 
it does n't matter if it 's underrated . 	the wolves do n't care if you 're good at acting . you 're already dead . 
i agree with you personally , but the vast majority of people i know who saw the film fully believe that is how wolves behave though , which is problematic . 	if you 're looking to get accurate accounts of things from fictional movies , i do n't know what to tell you . 
it 's been a while , but did n't at least most of the guys get to come to terms before they left purgatory ? that 's why it did n't seem miserable to me , they found peace . 	the black guy did n't , or the penultimate guy . they were pretty well terrified when they went . the one dude with tattoos , and the guy with the daughter did . 
a lot of people hated this movie because of the ending but i loved it . this scene and the scene right before it is just so fucking sad . 	did anyone stay and watch the scene after the credits ? 
nolan did say that though , did n't he ? it was real enough in his mind so that 's all it mattered .  also iirc he said it did stop spinning after the cut . 	as far as i know nolan said that for leo it was real enough , and that 's what matters . whether the top actually fell or not was n't revealed . 
watch it . it very obviously is , which is why i was confused by the marketing . 	the marketing may have not been indicative of what the movie was truly about but it probably drew a larger audience than the actual darker , more meaningful theme would 've . 
a lot of people hated this movie because of the ending but i loved it . this scene and the scene right before it is just so fucking sad . 	the whole movie is non - stop sadness . beautiful sadness . 
yeah , he just had a small part though , easy to miss 	everyone forgets that meryl streep played the list itself . 
a lot of people hated this movie because of the ending but i loved it . this scene and the scene right before it is just so fucking sad . 	i love the ending , for the whole movie it 's dreary and the sky is grey , then the sun finally comes out . 
i loved this movie , it just got more and more hopeless as it went . 	i stumbled upon it on netflix , its still on there but i 'm buying it anyway . that good of a film . i was sold after the plane incident . visceral movie throughout . 
yeah , work it liam 	yeah , really remember how fucking depressed you were at the funeral , liam . yeah remember seeing her mother , yeah . hot stuff liam . uhh . 
because he died with his wife .  everything after that is just going through the motions , including the battle with the wolf . 	what is this , lost ? 
as far as i know nolan said that for leo it was real enough , and that 's what matters . whether the top actually fell or not was n't revealed . 	do n't you hear it topple over at the end ? 
nolan did say that though , did n't he ? it was real enough in his mind so that 's all it mattered .  also iirc he said it did stop spinning after the cut . 	i thought it was realised that leo 's totem was n't the spinning top , that it was his wife 's . 
he was in schindler 's list ? that just moved up to the top of my to - watch list . 	he plays an ex - cop who 's brought back into the game after a phone call forcing him to save the jews and fuck up some gestapo along the way . 
that movie single handedly destroyed my trust in rotten tomatoes as a metric for whether a movie was worth me seeing or not . 	it is what it is ; a percentage of critics who either positively or negatively reviewed a movie . it 's only as useful as anyone thinks that system really is . 
it 's called method acting . duh 	he 's stolen every member of a famous actors family to get a second perspective whilst acting in taken . 
survival of the fittest but the fittest will always eventually die . 	ok , in other words , everyone and everything eventually dies . there are no winners in the end . sorry that 's reality , ca n't down vote reality . 
the black guy did n't , or the penultimate guy . they were pretty well terrified when they went . the one dude with tattoos , and the guy with the daughter did . 	yeah , it 's been a while , so i ca n't remember all the happenings . i was definitely thinking that some of the guys did n't . 
this is a sad subject but that 's really neat . it 's based on latin ? 	you could probably find a medical terminology class for free online or something if you 're interested in learning more , it 's a common undergrad class . 
those survivors are aspects of his damaged psyche dude . they get picked off as he sheds that mental dead weight . 	i think that 's a bit of a stretch tbh . the metaphors etc were definitely there but i feel the other characters were in fact very real . 
did n't have any complaints about his performance but hated the movie . stupid people get eaten by wolves . we rooted for the wolves . the characters all deserved to get eaten . 	those survivors are aspects of his damaged psyche dude . they get picked off as he sheds that mental dead weight . 
wait i loved the movie but i never heard of any aftermath scene . is there really a scene after the credits ? 	yes . watch it . 
i thought it was the worst survival movie i had ever seen and just could n't get over the ridiculous premise . 	if you watch it as a survival movie , you 're gonna hate it . it 's not a survival movie . it 's a movie about accepting death . 
the marketing may have not been indicative of what the movie was truly about but it probably drew a larger audience than the actual darker , more meaningful theme would 've . 	very on point . this is why producers hand the film over for marketing . 
the good news is that they have close to nothing in common with wolves in reality , so it is n't much of a worry . 	so you 're saying we can only be frightened by things that are real ? you just killed an entire genre of movies man 
there are two camps regarding this movie . the camp that understood the symbolism , and the camp that hated the movie 	because it would be impossible to understand the movie and still not like it ? 
did n't have any complaints about his performance but hated the movie . stupid people get eaten by wolves . we rooted for the wolves . the characters all deserved to get eaten . 	you 're dumb and do n't deserve good movies . 
after seeing this film i could only hope that liam neeson be the one who informs me i am dying . 	once more into the cheeto bag the last good cheesy taste you 'll ever know eat and die on this day eat and die on this day  - liam neeson 
jumps in arctic river , there is no current , gets out , lays on ground completely soaked in freezing water , no problem . 	i know right ! you have like 30 min to have a fire going and get out of those clothes . i let that slide though because the wolf fucked him up pretty quickly after that though haha 
he was in schindler 's list ? that just moved up to the top of my to - watch list . 	holocaust movie . better have tissues on hand . 
do n't they say something along the lines that they crashed near this nest which is why the wolves are so aggressive ? 	i 'm not sure . i guess i just have a soft spot for wolves 
it 's all greek to me ! 	haha latin gets all the respect from non - classics people .  and i 'm just sitting here studying ancient greek cause of an ex . oops . 
i mean it was obvious they were gonna fight , does it matter who won ? 	i assumed he knew it was a futile fight and he fought anyways .  that he actually won the fight does change the ending . 
watch it . it very obviously is , which is why i was confused by the marketing . 	see , i 'd have loved this movie either way , even if it was just about fighting wolves . i think the marketing was fine . 
he was in schindler 's list ? that just moved up to the top of my to - watch list . 	yeah , he just had a small part though , easy to miss 
this is a sad subject but that 's really neat . it 's based on latin ? 	some of it is greek . probably a lot of different roots . i 've no idea , i 'm in it by trade . 
a lot of people hated this movie because of the ending but i loved it . this scene and the scene right before it is just so fucking sad . 	i did n't like it because not one of the characters was smart enough to sharpen a damn stick . 
then you should n't read call of the wild or white fang if you ca n't get over the premise . or rather , maybe you should and it will seem less silly . 	is call of the wild about a bear and a teen ? 
i fucking loved the movie once i realized that 's what it was . deepest liam neeson movie ever made . some parts are just heartbreaking . 	well , i 'd consider schindler 's list to be his deepest role , but this was also heartbreaking . i wish the supporting cast were half as good . 
yeah iirc it shows the torso of the wolf on the ground with it 's chest rising an falling , indicating it 's alive but possibly injured as fuck 	you an also see his head resting on the wolf 's chest , implying that he too survived . 
a lot of people hated this movie because of the ending but i loved it . this scene and the scene right before it is just so fucking sad . 	i did n't think i would cry at the end of this movie but man , that last scene was just so heart wrenching , it 's literally his last battle in a life filled my grief . 
i do n't like when people demonize wolves . they are an integral part of the ecosystem of pretty much all of north america .  and they never fucking kill humans . like one in ten million chance . 	the movie was n't really about liam neeson vs . wolves . i promise . 
a lot of people hated this movie because of the ending but i loved it . this scene and the scene right before it is just so fucking sad . 	did you watch the scene after the credits ? the wolf was killed 
yeah , really remember how fucking depressed you were at the funeral , liam . yeah remember seeing her mother , yeah . hot stuff liam . uhh . 	oh yeah , now put the gun in your mouth . 
that sounds like the song from sunshine . both good movies . 	great movie . john murphy has to be my favourite composer . 
there are two camps regarding this movie . the camp that understood the symbolism , and the camp that hated the movie 	to appreciate those things , you 'd have to watch again though . 
yeah , he just had a small part though , easy to miss 	i just snorted coffee up my nose . take your damn up vote . 
a lot of people hated this movie because of the ending but i loved it . this scene and the scene right before it is just so fucking sad . 	this movie is one of my top ten , and one of the reasons liam neeson is such a fucking badass . there are few movies that force tears out of me so goddamn easily , and with every time i watch it . 
are you kidding ? everything in this movie is laughably terrible 	seriously ? lol that 's funny . 
i lost all respect for liam neeson when he said that crap about too many guns in america . never watching a movie he stars in again . 	ya fuck that guy for having an opinion that differs from my own . 
a lot of people hated this movie because of the ending but i loved it . this scene and the scene right before it is just so fucking sad . 	hated it all because it was a ridiculous plot . 
so , did anything actually happen ? harry realized that the man who was ordering him around at gunpoint was evil . great , got that sorted out . 	he ruled out batman mode . i think that was the point of the chapter 
my theory is that ey actually wrote himself into a corner with at least one point , and he used our explanations to solve it 	so that 's why it took so long for him to write the final arc !  we 're onto you , ey . 
you 're not already at work at 9 am ? 	get to work about 9 am , read this during the check - your - email phase of the morning . no one really expects you to get started immediately unless there 's a morning meeting to prep for . 
maybe ey did n't write an ending , he waited for the hive mind to do it for him . 	my theory is that ey actually wrote himself into a corner with at least one point , and he used our explanations to solve it 
better be damn sure the sacrificial protection does n't work on death eaters too . 	you give harry a friendly pat first . if it 's active , you get a shock . 
the hundreds of hostages and current lack of a wand ? when could he have done this ? quirrell was already aiming at his wand hand when he figured it out . 	harry fell on snape . 
i wonder why he decided to split it . it certainly could n't hurt this chapter to be double its length . 	because 121 is just a nicer number than 120 . 
that would be an awesome time to have a private chat with harry . 	better be damn sure the sacrificial protection does n't work on death eaters too . 
seriously , dumbledore ?  no triggers on the killing curse . no wards are set to go off .  seriously ?  edit : ignore me . 	uh , did you not read the bit where voldemort specifically addresses this ? 
could always try playing the game in a way that is n't intended to ruin other people 's experience . just a thought . 	i 've been doing that since the release of ds2 . i needed to see the appeal of try hard builds 
i have a deviantart but it 's not updated often , and i do n't post art on my tumblr often .  i actually do n't draw often in general 	a little late : p but you should link me . 
he 's a cunt . both in how he plays , and in game . 	all the more reason to root for puck ! 
dunno if i 'll be able to . saints play at virtually the same time . 	what sport is that ? the only saints i know are st . kilda and afl season is n't until april . 
well , that 's kinda comforting . shit happens , i guess .  i 'll probably set an alarm or something for tomorrow , since it 's the last game of the season and all . 	dunno if i 'll be able to . saints play at virtually the same time . 
dunno if i 'll be able to . saints play at virtually the same time . 	christ you two , get a room . 
is it a lot more difficult ? 	not a piercer , would n't know . it would just mean i 'd have to be in a close range vicinity of a fat fuck . 
i 'd hate to have to pierce a chunk of fat that large . 	is it a lot more difficult ? 
is there chance of you being able to stay longer than 2 years ? because if you ca n't then you might not get a very good job as you 'd have to be replaced after a year or two . 	if i can find a job i suppose i can stay there . but as you can see it 's a cycle . if they do n't hire me i ca n't stay , if they think i ca n't stay they wo n't hire me and this goes on . 
ugh please just let this pair die , it 's overdone as hell . 	make art of your own with a different pairing , or keep your bitching quiet . if you care this much you need some fresh perspective or something . 
his shitty opinion on my shitty opinion ? 	ah , but my opinion is that i agree with his opinion and disagree with yours , hence his is not a shitty opinion to me . 
idk , going to have to wait and see . 	alright post again what you got ? 
sweet i did too ! 	nice , i would have liked to get a dupe , but too much time spent in class and at work . i was not able to build up enough points . 
does anyone have tips for farming certs ? i want to get a bolt action sniper rifle and upgrade my vehicle weapons but they seem to require tons of certs . 	play medic or as a close second engineer . those two classes have the highest cert gain . 
the aircraft controls are definitely hard to get used to , but they give you a ton of control once you learn how to use them correctly . 	wait , there 's something wrong with the aircraft controls ? they feel like a perfect balance between fps and flight sim . 
i hear he is busy acting like a real comedian . 	did n't you see that post on reddit . he is n't that good of an actor . 
i can see why the owner folded the mirrors in .  i mean , it would be risky or just plain rude to leave them sticking out there in the path of whatever was crazy enough to try to pass it . 	i think they fold in automatically when you turn it off ? 
nice job ! 	thanks ! maybe i 'm just imagining it but i swear the bolt slides so much smoother now . still a lot of work i gotta put into it though ! 
as an mtf lesbian , nathan fillion is on my short list of people who could make me straight for a day xd 	nathan fillion was part of a worldwide experiment to create actors that can alter the sexuality of those who see them . nobody ever expected it to work so well , but nobody 's complaining . 
or i 'm gonna cut up your face so bad , you 'll have a chin ! 	hill people milk ? i 've been drinking this side i was a baby ! 
i thought that was discontinued and i seem to recall it has no blu - ray support . am i remembering wrong ? 	yes , it is discontinued . it can do hd dvd , but not blu - ray , though compressor can do blu - ray and you can burn it through toast . 
also a way to force them to build some roads so i can find the criminals . 	how awesome is it when you go to a neighbor 's town where they have no roads , and all the buildings jammed up together ? how fun is that to find the criminals ? 
i wish they sorted friends by who last played not by alphabetical order . 	i would also like the option to sort the players list in different ways . your suggestion is a good one . i also would like to see those whose timers currently allow me to click . 
i fucking love gomes . he struggled a lot , but he was absolutely fantastic on his day and was an important part of the club during one of our best periods . 	absolutely , he was capable of such amazing feats agility . its a shame his head would drop so easy . i hope he 's doing alright where he is now . 
or his form in the run in where we qualified . 	he was insane in that run in ! i 'll always remember that 2 - 1 win against arsenal at the lane ! especially one particular rvp free that he had absolutely no right getting a hand to ! 
just choose the export reddit then go back to 2nd tab and do checking like normal . but the result now should be in reddit format . just make sure to copy everything and it would be ok 	oooooh gotcha . great , that makes so much more sense . i will use that next time i do a giveaway . thank you ! 
no this is my first time . do i just trade you the eggs ? 	yes , you have to add me , then you trade me the eggs . after that i go offline checking the eggs and will trade you the eggs back in the same order , i list them later : d 
i never had more fun on a wizard than i did back when perma archon was a thing . 	put on mp7 for efficiency , walk around entire fields of misery just right clicking . o how i miss thee 
i never had more fun on a wizard than i did back when perma archon was a thing . 	ahem . cm wiz ? 
cm wiz was painful to play . the result was amazing . 	i do n't think my hand has recovered yet . 
what bill are the democrats trying to force through congress ? 	funding for obamas illegals amnesty in the dhs bill .  jesus christ do you not follow anything political ? 
please link me to the text of the democrat 's bill that funds obama 's illegal amnesty . 	they want a dhs spending bill passed that funds obamas amnesty .  its been in the news and all over reddit . have you been browsing the site with your eyes closed ?  jesus christ . 
nope . but stuff like the coast guard is kinda nice to have around . 	i think that 's the only part that works . 
but being a vegetarian does n't make him a better president   	people in uruguay eat massive quantities of meat . it 's another part of him using symbolism to encourage others to change their behaviors . 
i do n't trust people who ca n't follow a natural diet . you are a human . eat a steak . i would n't elect some sketch hippy plant eater . 	i ca n't believe people these days cook their food , get on a natural diet , ya fucking hippies . 
me too , but dope is weed if you 're from the 1970s . 	dope means cool where i 'm from . 
dope is heroin where i 'm from . 	that 's some strong dope . 
dope is heroin where i 'm from . 	yup same here . blow is also heroin where im from but for some reason its coke in movies . 
and no legal weed . connection maybe ? stoner countries are waaaaay better places to live ! 	what like north korea ? 
reddit used to love vice , then some people pointed out some flaws and now it 's really cool to act like you 're above it . 	i enjoy the hbo show . 
if all countries 'head of state acted more like him , i do n't think there would be many international conflicts . 	it takes just one putin to dip the world into war and chaos . 
both sides brother , both sides are obnoxious for their own reasons . 	except only one side is being invaded . 
because it 's true , get your head out of your ass kid 	i 'm 31 . ad - hom harder , bro . 
oh , i did n't know about the not being able to be reelected part . as a resident of uruguay , what do you think will happen now politically ? 	nothing will change , his party won the elections and his predecessor will take over for a new term . 
i disagree about 21 . if we 're talking about waiting for brain development , 25 is the magic number . 21 seems arbitrary . why not 18 ? 19 ? 	i picked 21 to go with alcohol . i agree with you that 25 should be the number if that is the agreed upon age for it not affecting brain development . 
i 'm 31 . ad - hom harder , bro . 	i 'm not even surprised . a man child on reddit . i 'm shocked . 
reddit used to love vice , then some people pointed out some flaws and now it 's really cool to act like you 're above it . 	i think vice puts out some good stuff . but i think they are trying to cater to the younger crowd a little too much . a lot of their interviewers do n't seem to know what they 're talking about 
if you think the english are good wait till you drink with a scotsman . 	fuck i do n't want to die now , i 'll just have the apple cider thanks 
well shit , i always thought there where one of the good ones , what the hell do i watch now ? 	frontline ! unfortunately they do n't update as often as vice but the segments are usually high quality .  even frontline smells of a little spin occasionally but it 's not too bad . 
well , many people still think there is a cold war going on and think every russian person is a commie and so on . 	there absolutely still is a cold war going on . look at ukraine . look at syria . the cold war never ended . 
reddit used to love vice , then some people pointed out some flaws and now it 's really cool to act like you 're above it . 	it 's all about the karma man , nobody really cares either way . 
god i love this dude . did he ever do anything remotely bad ? 	he 's a communist scum that murdered a bunch of people trying to get to power 
and no legal weed . connection maybe ? stoner countries are waaaaay better places to live ! 	what like jamaica ?  edit : sorry guys , did n't realize i was suppose to know we were only talking about white , countries where weed is legal lol . 
they make it sound like he 's gonna resign somehow 	ha - ha - ha - ha - ha .  if that 's what they meant , they 're funny . 
it 's late , gimme a break . 	no . no kit kat bar for you until you fix that glaring error . 
it sounds too dumb tbh . spain 's vocabulary includes some words that in the ears of all other spanish speakers just sound silly . 	yeah , yeah , and most latin american dialects sound super effeminate to a european spanish speaker .  let 's all agree the language is not exactly a looker and be done with it 
nothing will change , his party won the elections and his predecessor will take over for a new term . 	i rarely ever hear anything about uruguay except for stuff about cannabis or football . have things improved since mujica was in power ? has he helped change anything during his term ? 
that 's why we need to legalize it and slap a 21 age restriction on it . 	i disagree about 21 . if we 're talking about waiting for brain development , 25 is the magic number . 21 seems arbitrary . why not 18 ? 19 ? 
fuck i do n't want to die now , i 'll just have the apple cider thanks 	beware . in england apple cider is alcoholic . 
reddit used to love vice , then some people pointed out some flaws and now it 's really cool to act like you 're above it . 	i 've never seen it but if the people on this board correctly say in that interview they refer to mujica as the president of colombia , that 's pants - on - head retarded . 
double - pretentious , love it 	this shit happens every single time someone either bashes or praises something on reddit . 
it 's a good watch , but the comments section always makes me cry , actually reddit makes me cry too . 	the comment section is a hub for neo nazis . 
looks awesome ! how does the neck feel ? 	it 's like holding an orgasm . it 's thinner then a 60s neck . 
sorry i was at work , i only have the ceramic hot plate 	thats ok ! so you do have the hot pot ? ill give you an orange rose for the hot pot then ! 
it 's like her husband had his main girl and his side chick right there and he did n't even have to leave the house . 	actually , he did n't even have to leave the bed , or shift positions . 
if you do n't know what kinds of rules are on the cards , they 're sort of hidden . 	that applies to almost every game that involves a deck of special cards .   
one world brewery has the best imperial stout in town . and the staff is great 	agreed . the black ipa is one of , if not the , best asheville local brew i 've ever had . it 's also a big plus that they serve noble cider . 
i am sure your were in shock , but you should have danced a jig on that fools head . 	i actually tried . unfortunately , the game rendered that my character was in the process of still falling , because the d - pad did n't respond . : p 
thank you , i guess i 'll just buy starcraft 2 and play it while i wait for lotv release . 	i read somewhere that lotv will be stand alone . so if you 're buying wol and hots under the assumption that you 'll need them to play lotv , that 's not necessarily the case . 
sounds like you are using assisted passing . i 'm pretty sure you need to be semi or manual for you to determine pass strength . 	i put it on semi about two weeks ago , and although it 's better , it 's still atrocious . plus , i 'm sure i would play awfully on manual haha 
but what if i want to pass to the player in front and it wo n't get to him unless i use a lot of power 	well then use the appropriate amount of power needed . 
i put it on semi about two weeks ago , and although it 's better , it 's still atrocious . plus , i 'm sure i would play awfully on manual haha 	do you use short through balls to lead players along with straight passes to them ? 
it 's all to do with the lag , in single player , the passes are spot on .  when there is lag , the power gets all messed up and the ball starts going to the wrong places . 	god this needs to be top comment every time in these threads , same when talking about goal keeper ai . the lag screws these things up every now and then its not scripting 
it 's shit like this that makes me want to quick sell my squad to go full sweat mode since that 's not affected by the passing system . 	i quick sold my entire club in a fit of rage last week . neymar , suarez , bale , reus and a bunch of informs and other good players . all gone . 
it 's all to do with the lag , in single player , the passes are spot on .  when there is lag , the power gets all messed up and the ball starts going to the wrong places . 	i only play singleplayer . i know it 's probably operator error to a certain extent , but passes will regularly go to completely unintentional receivers . 
how reliable is it in term of condition ? is it usually defected ? or does microcenter test it before selling ? 	nothing is defected when it comes to open box mobo 's , and the condition is fine . 
maybe because the corner usually is a support beam but in this case they do n't have one . unless the side was built outside of the support beam . 	i think this is it . something about the bottom corner of the building being removed is very unnerving . 
i would assume it 's a closed box , making it essentially a dual pane window 	it would still fill up with snow and snow touching windows will make the windows cold as fuck , the cold would make that area of the room much colder 
all i see is something that would be a pain in the ass to clean , and just fill up with leafs in the fall and blowing snow in the winter , it 'd make your house cold as fuck in the winter 	i would assume it 's a closed box , making it essentially a dual pane window 
it 's been 60 here , which is pretty nice . if it could stay this way year round i would be so happy . 	where are you ?  i love winter i love spring and fall i really do n't like the hottest part of summer in wisconsin where it is so stinking hot 
i would n't pay you at all unless you were doing something useful 	what i am saying is a person could walk up to me and say i 'll give you a million dollars to move out of the state of wisconsin and i would n't take it 
funny how that makes you uncomfortable but all of the basic windows in your home is fine , but they provide no more protection . 	no , but they do have shades and blinds . 
all i see is something that would be a pain in the ass to clean , and just fill up with leafs in the fall and blowing snow in the winter , it 'd make your house cold as fuck in the winter 	based on the fact they have sand there , the house is probably in a warm climate . leaves may still be a problem though 
idk why , but this makes me feel extremely uneasy . 	probably because zombies would be through that in like five seconds flat . 
people build entire structures to keep the outside out . 	and then they poke holes in the walls and install windows . 
if it 's a closed box , it ca n't fill up with snow . yes the snow against it would make the windows cold , however that can be minimized as well . 	so its a closed box with sand and rocks and shit in it ? my guess is that it is open to the elements 
and they make you pay for shipping ? no deal . 	people who can afford this chair do not care about paying for shipping . 
all i see is something that would be a pain in the ass to clean , and just fill up with leafs in the fall and blowing snow in the winter , it 'd make your house cold as fuck in the winter 	something tells me that you do n't live in the desert 
all i see is something that would be a pain in the ass to clean , and just fill up with leafs in the fall and blowing snow in the winter , it 'd make your house cold as fuck in the winter 	plus i bet you 're gonna get at least one dead possum in under there . 
so its a closed box with sand and rocks and shit in it ? my guess is that it is open to the elements 	yeah seriously . it 'd be totally impossible to put shit in there before closing it . 
all i see is something that would be a pain in the ass to clean , and just fill up with leafs in the fall and blowing snow in the winter , it 'd make your house cold as fuck in the winter 	it 's to house a zen garden , so the constant raking would probably take care of it . 
all i see is something that would be a pain in the ass to clean , and just fill up with leafs in the fall and blowing snow in the winter , it 'd make your house cold as fuck in the winter 	the opposite of this would be nice for indoor plants . 
idk why , but this makes me feel extremely uneasy . 	imagine seeing a body print in the sand next time you look at it . 
correction , this is a box window . 	i could afford a window but now a box window . oh shit , man will need to take out a pension 
it would still fill up with snow and snow touching windows will make the windows cold as fuck , the cold would make that area of the room much colder 	if it 's a closed box , it ca n't fill up with snow . yes the snow against it would make the windows cold , however that can be minimized as well . 
good god , he has n't even started and the late show has aged him terribly 	but , but he 's immortal now ! 
a harry potter spell that puts an invisible beard on someone . 	what if that person already has a beard ? 
i have brown hair and about 4 different colors can be found in my beard . surely i 'm not the only one ? 	i have blond hair , a red and brown beard , blond mustache , and platinum blond soul patch . four colors - ish ? 
either possible . same way some people have blonde hair and red beards . still extremely possible its dyed though . 	i have blonde hair and a red beard . 
he can try to put on glasses and a beard , but you can always see the special twinkle in his eye . 	does n't he always wear glasses ? 
good god , he has n't even started and the late show has aged him terribly 	it 's like he 's been a 2 term president in 3 months . 
so does he dye his hair or does his beard just grow out a different color ? 	beard just grows out grey . he does n't dye his hair .  i should not know these things . 
what if that person already has a beard ? 	who said it puts the beard on their face ? 
ive heard the name before , but i do n't know whos your dad . 	the indian man on the left , haha   
maybe he knows it 's his last chance to have a beard for the next 20 years . 	its like exiting the military . the first thing you do is grow facial hair . 
i have black hair and a red beard . 	i have a lot of comment karma and a neck beard . 
so does he dye his hair or does his beard just grow out a different color ? 	either possible . same way some people have blonde hair and red beards . still extremely possible its dyed though . 
i had gray hairs coming in at 18 . it sucks . 	well i 'm mostly bald at 25 . sometimes i wish i had grey hair that i could dye .   
either possible . same way some people have blonde hair and red beards . still extremely possible its dyed though . 	i have brown hair and about 4 different colors can be found in my beard . surely i 'm not the only one ? 
i wonder if he 's keeping the beard for his new position . or maybe he grew the beard for it . 	its his first chance in like , a decade to have time to grow a beard . for the colbert report , he had to keep it clean shaven . 
better start taking it easy then ! not good to be going gray at 26 	its all genetics . steve martin was all white before he was 18 . 
either possible . same way some people have blonde hair and red beards . still extremely possible its dyed though . 	most silver hair , red beard . people thought i dyed my beard because it was reddish and my hair was brown . 
not really incognito , he 's just making it evident that the character he played for years is done . 	i assume he 'll be clean cut for letterman 's job . 
either possible . same way some people have blonde hair and red beards . still extremely possible its dyed though . 	i have black hair and a red beard . 
do you demand pictures from everyone you talk to , or stand next to in a crowd ?   	he did n't exactly demand a picture rudely and obnoxiously as you seem to be insinuating . colbert just did n't mind taking a quick , one second snap when my dad asked politely . 
he was actually standing next to my dad in the crowd , and this was after they had a 5 minute chat . 	do you demand pictures from everyone you talk to , or stand next to in a crowd ?   
do you demand pictures from everyone you talk to , or stand next to in a crowd ?   	hes a celebrity . its part of the gig . the guy obviously asked as colbert obviously posed for the picture . 
i assume he 'll be clean cut for letterman 's job . 	i , on the other hand , assume he 's going to become a lumberjack for the show and start wearing flannel 
your dad looks like mark ruffalo but older . 	they 're like father and son !  oh wait . 
probably if you wear it often enough . it will certainly last a lot longer . i think these and reigning champ are terry fleece 	yeah i feel like terry makes it last longer . thanks man , i 'll consider it 
no problem , where 'd you cop them ? 	i actually got them at hot topic , i went in to buy a couple band tees and saw them on clearance . 
it 's really thick and well constructed . i think they are similar to reigning champ in quality , or so i 've heard 	damn , is it worth the extra money ? i 've never had a super nice sweatshirt before . it 'd be nice if i had a fleece one that actually stayed fuzzy after being washed several times . 
cool pieces but fit is bland imo . nothing draws my eye . 	yes it 's supposed to be very low key sometimes you just want to blend in  
making up terms that nobody has any idea what they mean for some reason . 	i knew exactly what he meant and the reason the term is different is because it 's a different thing 
thanks , personally i wanna step my sneaker game up a bit . all i 've got are cons right now , i 'm looking at some new balances or sk8 - his . 	sk8 - his would go really well with this fit , new balances are nice too but go with a different style than what you have right now 
i think i speak for many when i say give us the old wa as a tier 2 skin for nu wa . 	oh cool ! great idea ! 
aliexpress is your best bet , but i 'd honestly wait for its official global availability in the coming months . 	normally this is exactly what i would do but unfortunately my current phone is on it 's last legs so i need a replacement sooner rather than later . 
to me as a trader there 's still a benefit in having a scoop , and that 's not to have to land on a station to refuel , thus saving time ! 	i use the scoop for long trips but my normal trade routes are well within my fuel range , so i was only scooping to save gas money . if gas is cheap i 'd rather have the 8 cargo slots . 
agreed , they do fit perfectly with arms raised out . but for a jacket that 's meant to be fashion oriented , rs ronin , it makes it awkward trying to wear off the bike it seems . 	ideally when you wreck , your wrists will be covered by the jacket as well as the glove , which is slightly more important than fashion 
ideally when you wreck , your wrists will be covered by the jacket as well as the glove , which is slightly more important than fashion 	agreed . was hoping that gauntlet gloves would help with that problem . 
way too damn loud man . holy jebus . 	it got a lot quieter for me when i put it on stereo instead of mono . 
you may try calling your local pawn shops and trade in places , give then your xbox info so they may see your name when testing it and can call you . nay not work but worth a shot . 	my friend suggest that and i called all the ones in town but no one turned one in . 
my album of 2015 so far . criminally underrated . 	dude , tell me about it . 2 hours of great music and it never gets boring it 's almost perfect . 
he does everything but score , unfortunately . 	it 'll happen . i think this year he 's going to break out . 
my jaw dropped seeing the timbers fans chanting etc , amazed that football is growing in america 	you should see what happens when they score a goal . 
my jaw dropped seeing the timbers fans chanting etc , amazed that football is growing in america 	portland has always been known for having amazing support for ther team . 
great finish to this game . suck it smug bitches . 	i was trying to figure out if you meant la or portland but i guess it 's fair for both of us . 
the people arguing against this obviously do n't even read comic books . 	did n't batman have his fucking back snapped in half by bane ? 
the people arguing against this obviously do n't even read comic books . 	same thing with video games .  they bitch about things they never will read or never will play .  they just want to control . 
i 'm very familiar and have read the killing joke more than a few times .  the point of this is to be dark .  dick grayson 's variant cover is joker standing over his parent 's dead bodies . 	yeah my response was n't to you so much as the lengthy article acting as if this is some kind of radical shift for batman , a series known for being dark . 
i 've heard the trains are pretty reliable . much better than the busses around the city at least . 	better than buses and traffic , yes . but there are days when it 's just one big cluster . 
do you seriously think soldiers in a warzone are n't scared for their lives ? fucking seriously ? 	you evidently have a brain of the bird also , as nobody was arguing against that point . merely that you have to take into account the context of the situation . 
that 's in the directors cut edition ! xd 	i would have paid twice as much to see the uncut xxx version of frozen fever . 
well i do n't know how far out he starts these things , but that ca n't hurt . 	indeed , he could start them fairly early for all we know . not a bad sign at the very least . 
and they 're just about at the end of their service life . 	they are not . literally two days ago there was news that they will be kept in service for atleast 10 more years and will also be modernized . 
somebody else beat you to posting this , but your title is better . 	took him longer to think about a pun that 's why . 
sounds good ! i 'll be available after 3 pm est tomorrow , so just let me know when ! 	alright great ! i 'll be around at 8 pm cst probably 
you typed the same question for 2 and 3 : o 	omg i did lol im so sorry . number two was supposed to be number three . and the answer to number two was supposed to be for the real number two lol one second let me change it lol  
ok thanks for the feedback . i will try to improve it 	i couldnt even answer the first question . as a bambi you take everything you can get no matter if food , guns or gear . 
high as shit but a few just for now : more context to the situations . more options that are different . alot of them right now are similar 	ah , i gotcha . i imagine the trick is to be specific , but still vague enough to umbrella a lot of situations . 
haha weird name i know , but that 's what everyone calls him , even the people who make the show do too . 	news to me . 
how long does it take for the email to arrive ? 	it took about an hour for me . 
it does n't seem to stack with personal microsoft accounts . tried to login to onedrive in mac and it did n't work , was able to sign in using the business version of onedrive on windows . 	there 's a beta version of onedrive for business for mac that works with our office 365 subscription . 
tom waits ? why ? personally i like his music but his voice is n't particularly appealing to a lot of people 	his voice is amazing . it fits the theme of the music perfectly and even though it is n't traditionally aesthetic i really get a lot of enjoyment from it . 
i spend so much time trying to get the skirts just right . turns out you ca n't just mask a rectangle to a triangle and have it look right . lots of adjustments must be made . 	i must say , grey , it annoys me a bit that the top left corner of the flag girl skirt is blocked out . i was hoping it would be more in the centre . good video nonetheless . 
you ca n't import living horses to iceland in general , so if one leaves it ca n't come back . 	i did a quick wiki , apparently you ca n't import any live animal into iceland 
that was one reason i went with 4k over 60fps . pretty sure that face would n't be visible otherwise . always happy when people notice these things . 	i watched in 720p and it was visible to me .  great video as always 
icelandic horses ? adorable ? and brady and your wife still have n't talked you into getting a dog yet ? 	a horse in a field in iceland being adorable is quite different than a dog out of place in a human living space . 
hey man , what 's up ? why a new video so early ? 	i 've got a trip at the end of the month and really wanted to have something up before i went so i could actually relax a bit . 
this has been bugging me . why does the usa girl have a little pouch thingy ? 	bum bag ? 
the netherlands is not part of scandinavia .  that is somehow a thing americans sometimes think . 	i mean denmark and the netherlands are like nearly the same country . they just have to take the last step and make a proper union . 
the netherlands is not part of scandinavia .  that is somehow a thing americans sometimes think . 	i mean denmark and the netherlands are like nearly the same country . they just have to take the last step and make a proper union . 
ca n't ever be unseen . not that it really matters . 	i assume your talking about grey 's minor mistake and not my crap formatting 
also electricity is quite cheap in norway because they have lots of hydro - power . 	and the government has placed lots of free charging places , at least here in oslo . 
that 's not cgp making an argument for why catan is the best table top game in existance tho . 	agree , but at least it 's something . and it 's funny . so it 's nice substitute when we are waiting for grey 's video .  and catan junior is played with real , human childrens . 
the unspeakable act being grey reading and responding to a youtube comment . 	he replied to one of my comments once . it was every bit as awkward as you can imagine meeting him in public would be . 
that was one reason i went with 4k over 60fps . pretty sure that face would n't be visible otherwise . always happy when people notice these things . 	glad you did , based on the nature of your videos , 60fps would n't have that much benefit . 
i wonder how things would be if the u . s . got it 's way and made iceland a state and greenland a territory . 	war , that 's how it would go . 
wait , so why do the icelandic horses loose the ability to return to iceland once they leave ? is it because they 're so beautiful ? 	pretty sure it 's related to the fact that they are half - unicorn by genetics . 
uh , this is n't really explained well . could you send a table with what you are trying to do ? 	yeah i am so sorry english is not my first language and it gets so hard for me to explain thing . can you tell me how can i enter a table ? 
what 's the point of scaling if you can just apply a higher resolution ? 	it 's basically a form of super sampling , like dsr . 
i forgot to ask . how do you unlock the shortcut through that gate from the beginning of the game ? 	the first video shows where you need to go to unlock the gate at the lamp . or do you mean a different gate ? 
yeah , it was fun to watch all of the mistakes . it was n't the most exciting lp , but i enjoyed it . 	i do n't like exciting let 's plays really . i 've never been big on their battlefield , call of duty , destiny , or titan fall lps . 
i did n't really pay attention to the number , but she noticed her own mistake with the wrong chute . 	i thought at first that the chutes had different lengths like the ladders but then i saw the hole which i assume was for the correct chute . 
hopefully full oculus support . 	yeah , i also hope for htc valve vive support 
where 's your source on them being fake ? 	some modders from gta forums made it to show their photoshop skills . it 's fake .  you can believe it 's real but it 's not 
i have to wait another two weeks for lunch ? d : 	just eat at 11 and call it brunch . 
i 'll the dude outside eating alone haha . with blue and red plaid 	cool , we 're down the street . sorry ! traffic was awful 
had fun ! thanks all 	hells yea ! we had like 6 people man that was dope . you 're darth vader skillz were crazy good haha 
sometimes you want to flood the logs so it 's hard for them to detect the really nefarious stuff going on among all the junk . 	that 's actually interesting . if in all the chaos you drop some malicious code into a few of the most popular repos you can really cause some wide spread damage after the fact . 
are you referring to the image at 59 : 44 ? and are you referring to the ukrainian flag when you say ukrainian markings ? 	no white lines , are the making of ua state loyal units . 
is that the only error you found ? 	no dates , no locations , no numbers . try to find errors where there is non data which you can grab and check vs . 
i love it .  you could use a similar system to sell bitcoin if it were ever banned . just tape fifty bucks to the bottom of a park bench and someone sends bitcoin to your address . 	yes , bitcoin will thrive in that instance . 
yeah , multisig seems like a must for this type of system . 	at the very least a 2 of 2 mutually assured destruction multisig with security deposits to create incentives for fair play . 
music box ? 	guitar . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	i remember my parents raving over how great this movie was and so my roomie and i watched it . we were bored to death half way through and just like - how can this be a hit movie ? 
i was really upset with what those movies turned out to be . 	the third one was excellent . 
the boondock saints .  it 's hard to say its overrated since in terms of box office it did n't even register . but its cult following is unwarranted . 	oh my god , somebody else agrees with me . it 's a piece of shit . 
i think that movie was considered the worst out of the original 3 indiana jones movies . 	it was always considered the weakest of the original 3 by a long mile .  now it 's the 3rd best jones film . thanks , lucas . 
the boondock saints .  it 's hard to say its overrated since in terms of box office it did n't even register . but its cult following is unwarranted . 	is n't that the point of a cult following though ? i thought that 's the entire reason cult is part of the title . 
hmmmm we seem to have a difference of opinion . maybe we should see who can put their dick in the biggest dragon or whatever the fuck went on in that movie . 	my point was about visual effects , not the fucking storyline . 
donnie darko . it 's just a movie that 15 year olds say they love to sound smart . 	i disagree , i watched it about three times to understand it better . one of very few films where i 'm still a bit confused . 
argo - 90 min of 6 people with worried faces looking out windows . 	so overhyped . the town was a much stronger movie 
give me chicago or give me death ! 	cms for life ! 
essentially die hard on a train . 	nah . its the rated r version of city of ember , but city of ember was much much better . 
what happens at the end of the last movie ? 	it 's actually just a 90 - minute cut of the music video for urgent , by foreigner 
this joke feels 12 years stale already .  edit : some people actually use that joke as a valid criticism of the movie itself . 	you sound like a lot of fun at parties ! 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	then fuck off . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	the book is a lot better , movie completely butchered it . for instance , the male lead does n't have a name , and is very gay 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	i liked the movie . it 's a great manic pixie dream girl movie . 
how dare you . such a fantastic movie . fast paced , original storyline , intense dialogue . barely any bullshit romance . 	also , that fucking scene when dicaprio smashed some glass with his hand . amazing . 
i 'm sorry , but that sounds like a huge waste of time . you seriously sat through a movie you did n't like and then watched it two more times ? 	well i was pretty drunk the first two times and thought i must have missed something and the third my nephew wanted to watch it when i was baby sitting . i rarely turn off a movie 
juno was awful , i ca n't believe anyone thought it was worth any awards . writing was ridiculous and contrived , characters were seriously unlikable . 	totally agree . it was such an uncomfortable movie to watch . i just remember sitting there feeling the awkwardness just suffocating me . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	yes but audrey hepburn was the cat . her life directly parallels the life of the cat . watch it again and look for that and it 's a completely different movie full of symbolism n 'shit . 
yeah they 've been getting crazier with the stunts . i 'm waiting for them to turn a car into a full on plane 	judging by their track record , the plane would never finish taking off . 
any superhero movie . 	actually , many superhero movies are rated exactly where they should be . 
took you that long to have a crush on amy adams ? 	it really takes a certain environment , role , and appearance to trigger the infatuation . like having a crush on your teacher after you have a strange dream about her . 
inception felt like a mediocre action movie with an over - complicated back story to me 	the over complicated back story is what makes it interesting . it gets you thinking . 
the movie was n't targeted to high school girls though . its like having a bunch of 13 year olds singing blues clues because it was popular . its silly and annoying 	it may have not been targeting high school girls , but they are still a large part of the audience . but then again , maybe they were . if so , it worked . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	also i thought that asian character was mad racist , yeah you can tell me it was a different time , but i would be watching it now and it pisses me off 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	the dark knight is n't that good either aside from heath ledger . batman begins is the best movie of the series . 
i hate these fucking threads .  people just say the name of a movie , do n't explain why at all and get a million upvotes . 	interstellar . because the ending was fucking stupid 
i 've still never seen this , i always think of the film about car crash sex . 	the only movie called crash anybody should see . 
this film was fucking strange to me . it was 3 hours long , took 12 years of filming and i felt like nothing actually happened , but i still enjoyed it . i honestly ca n't explain it . 	for me , the nostalgia trip made it somehow weirdly relatable even tho there was nothing substantial to relate to my life 
i 've still never seen this , i always think of the film about car crash sex . 	that was actually a good movie . that best picture piece of crap was terrible . it wrapped back around itself and became a racist trope in and of itself . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	aubrey hepburn is beautiful . the film is a bit above average as a romantic film . but hepburn just makes it crazier . 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	i had instantly downvoted you before i read the rest of your comment , lol . 
i found the film absolutely hilarious , screw america but everyone i know who has seen the film loved it . 	i went into it expecting a mediocre , stupid movie . instead it was the funniest stupid movie i 've seen in a very long time . i loved it . 
i loved him in bio - dome 	fun fact . bio dome was originally bill and ted 3 , but they made some changes and it ended up just a separate movie . 
best part of the movie : bane 's magician voice . 	he sounds like that old guy in diablo ii who did all the talking and identified items for you or whatever . 
except that the godfather was more boring than trying to hammer a nail the wrong way around into a piece of wood with your penis . 	you mean the movie considered by many , if not most , the greatest one ever made ?  no , it was n't boring . 
the boondock saints .  it 's hard to say its overrated since in terms of box office it did n't even register . but its cult following is unwarranted . 	bitch i killed your cat ! 
it might not be the most fun comedy to watch , but it 's far and away the best comedy to quote . 	i do n't know man , i love quoting coming to america 
this film was fucking strange to me . it was 3 hours long , took 12 years of filming and i felt like nothing actually happened , but i still enjoyed it . i honestly ca n't explain it . 	that 's because the film did n't flow into one nice story , it was more like 30 very interesting conversations , that explained a milestone in the characters lives . 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	personally i just did n't get the same feeling from tdkr that i did watching tdk . i would n't say it got worse i just had my expectations set too high and it did n't deliver . 
is it watchable ? i watched a star wars prequel fan edit that was more of an experiment to show that the prequels could have been trimmed down , and it was n't a particularly enjoyable watch . 	extremely watchable . watching it felt like reading the book . there are some awkward cuts here and there but what can you expect from a fan edit done for free ? 
i saw it in a normal theater and i was terrified the entire time . 	i think it is a great movie , but a moving that would be real lame on a laptop . 
it beat out saving private ryan for best picture . i 'll never forgive it for that .  edit : or the thin red line . 	it is n't the movie 's fault , it 's the fucking idiotic academy 's .  whoa , lotsa apostrophes in there . 
as a brit ; it 's kinda sacrilege to say that monty python was shit . it is shit , and i have no qualms holding that opinion . 	was it probably funny at first ? yeah . but is it funny now ? after all the jokes have been played out again and again and would i pay to go see it in theatres again ? nope . 
spongebob movie : sponge out of water 	in all of cinema ? 
gone with the wind . it was a 6 hour long saga of one stupid bitch who ruins everything . 	yeah she reminds me of most of the stupid giddy girls at my school . blegh . 
any superhero movie . 	captain america : the winter soldier , iron man , iron man 3 , dark knight trilogy . 
it beat out saving private ryan for best picture . i 'll never forgive it for that .  edit : or the thin red line . 	i consider preventing saving private ryan from winning best picture to be a net win . now , if it had gone to the thin red line , that 's a win - win - win . 
calm the hell down and stop being part of the anti - twilight circle jerk , shes not that bad an actress . 	i 've yet to see her act on par . 
fight club i saw it recently and do n't see why everyone is obsessed with it . it was an average film . 	gotta say , there are a lot of wrong opinions in this thread . 
nope , i thought the movie was quite lame . not my cup of tea , at all . 	the only good part is when girl from north country is playing . otherwise it was just boring . 
it beat out saving private ryan for best picture . i 'll never forgive it for that .  edit : or the thin red line . 	meh , saving private ryan is not great either . the opening scene is one of the best scenes i 've ever seen and the rest of the movie is just good . 
yeah it was a solid movie and all . not great , but solid . but the hype was unstoppable with the years of buildup . 	i agree . i feel like i liked it out of a nerd duty to ensure the continuation of superhero movies . 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	i 've hated just about every batman movie after the first one , and the bale ones are neat looking but make no damned sense at all . 
gone with the wind . it was a 6 hour long saga of one stupid bitch who ruins everything . 	i for some reason love the trope of the man who has everything but loses it all . the decline of the third reich leading up to hitler 's suicide is super interesting to me for that reason . 
it is a quite good movie , imo . 	i was pleasantly surprised and i did not have any spoilers so the ending was a complete shock . good film . 
i quite liked drive but only god forgives was a mess . boring , slightly irritating mess . i do n't know if it qualifies as overrated cos i 've never really heard anyone voice an opinion on it . 	the only good part about only god forgives is that it is shot beautifully . the movie itself is utter nonsense . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	it 's harder to call older films overrated as the standard for cinema is much different . the movie does have a lot of significance in film history . 
how dare you . such a fantastic movie . fast paced , original storyline , intense dialogue . barely any bullshit romance . 	seriously , this film is far from overrated . it 's rated perfectly where it should be . 
the lion king . i 've watched many disney films but i could never see why this one was so popular , besides the great film score . 	i think it was a big deal because for many kids , it was the first film that really dealt with death , despite being a children 's movie . 
in between each of those numbers , vin diesel makes some remarks about family . 	i dont have friends , i have family 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	shawshank redemption is the best movie people who do n't know anything about movies have seen . 
well there was that girl without a vagina that got pregnant bc she was shot after giving a blow job . there were no diddly bits to bang together and she still ended up fucked over baby wise . 	man that story is just so unbelievably amazing . did snopes ever look into it ? 
out of interest , have you ever read the book ? 	no , i have no interest in reading books 
this film was fucking strange to me . it was 3 hours long , took 12 years of filming and i felt like nothing actually happened , but i still enjoyed it . i honestly ca n't explain it . 	i describe it as being endearing . it does a great job of capturing the feeling of whatever year it is while allowing you to feel like you really know the characters . 
iron man . i thought those movies were awful and way too predictable . 	super hero movies always are , do n't expect the hero to die 
what movie are you referencing ? 	this guy asks the right question .  people are having a whole discussion and nobody 's mentioning the bloody film title ! 
the place beyond the pines is the better drive . 	i do n't see how these films are comparable , other than both having ryan gosling . i did like the movie though 
2001 : a space odyssey .  boring and it explained nothing ! the book is great though . 	i disapprove of what you say , but i will defend to the death your right to say it 
how dare you . such a fantastic movie . fast paced , original storyline , intense dialogue . barely any bullshit romance . 	i 'm with you . i fucking loved django . i 'm gonna watch it again right now 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	it 's one of those movies that seems great while your watching it . but then you think about it and realise you just watched a 3 hour batman film with about 20 minutes of batman in it . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	but i thought that we both kinda liked it ? 
it 's entirely because of the books . but even then , i 'm not real sure why the books are so popular either . 	lonely , horny house wives in your area that wanted to fuck , you did n't click the link , so they read these books instead . 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	i had the same experience as you , but i liked it to begin with . i think i 'll stop watching it now before i ruin it forever 
here on the internet , the shawshank redemption is the most overrated film . it 's good , sure , but not best - film - ever - made good . 	i actually would put it up there with my all time favorite movies , so yeah i would say best - film - ever - made good . 
you have to see batman begins to understand the dark knight rises . 	i dont think it is an issue of understanding or not . i just felt dissapointed by the mediocrity and the inconsistencies throughout the movie . it is really overrated for me . 
of course it need the joker . it 's a fucking super hero movie . if you took all the conflict out of most movies they would be pretty shitty . 	i think the point that he 's making is that heath ledger commanded so much attention during the movie that the audience did n't really notice that the story was kind of shit . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	i thought birdman was a way better movie than whiplash . i found whiplash boring . 
no , did n't know it was a movie . i read the book a long time ago .   	oh boy you 're in for a treat . great film . 
i feel that way about most of tarantino 's movies . 	i 'm not really a fan of django or inglorious bastards , but i started watching his old stuff and it 's pretty good . pulp fiction and reservoir dogs are excellent 
watched this movie in my sociology class this year . i could n't wrap my head around it . every single racist scene in that movie felt so contrived . 	really ? it may be because it 's a movie and so they have to shorten the time you spend with all the characters , but i felt the racism was a fairly accurate portrayal of race relations . 
yeah , fuck you baby !  i 'm guessing it 's not worth the watch then 	it is my actual favorite movie , when my usual fare is , like , super hero flicks . it 's great on many levels , and it at least deserves a watch . 
inception . great movie but people treated it like the second coming of christ for a while after it came out . 	i find that people love films if they do n't understand them . they assume that if they say that they liked it , they will seem smarter . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	i thought the only good scene was her singing moon river . other than that , i just think the movie is a byproduct of a generation that i 'm not familiar with and i just did n't get it . 
that movie where the train comes right at the screen . that movie sucked . 	still a better love story than twilight . 
teenage girls like to sing a popular song from a popular movie ? what is the world coming to ? 	yeah man , let 's just completely dismiss his point by focusing on one semi - related part , and ignoring the rest . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	that 's the same with boyhood . so what you took 12 years to film it , that 's literally the only remarkable thing about the movie . 
gone with the wind . it was a 6 hour long saga of one stupid bitch who ruins everything . 	hahaha ! so true lol 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	i 've seen over 1400 movies and crash is one of my favorites by far . it 's amazing . 
the boondock saints .  it 's hard to say its overrated since in terms of box office it did n't even register . but its cult following is unwarranted . 	agreed . it 's like a drunken bro version of pulp fiction written by a saint patrick 's day parade . 
this film was fucking strange to me . it was 3 hours long , took 12 years of filming and i felt like nothing actually happened , but i still enjoyed it . i honestly ca n't explain it . 	right ? interesting enough to keep my attention when i saw it in theaters , but i have no intention or desire to ever watch it again . 
at the very least , gyllenhaal deserved a nomination .  i was never a big fan of his acting , but he absolutely carried that movie . 	fucking yes !  he made me feel so uncomfortable throughout the entire film , which made it all the better 
why are you bothering to comment if you have n't seen the movie ? no one cares about whether or not you want to see a movie you have n't seen . 	thanks for your reply ! i 'm sure everybody cares about your opinion of my comment . 
here on the internet , the shawshank redemption is the most overrated film . it 's good , sure , but not best - film - ever - made good . 	shut your whore mouth . 
i think of avatar as a mobile keynote event showing off new cgi technology that cameron helped fund . 	that was actually kinda the point . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	yes this , so much hype here on reddit , it was just boring and trying to be something special . camera and actors were great , but that 's not enough for good movie . 
i scrolled all the way to the bottom to ensure this was here and upvoted . i 've never seen why this movie is so loved . 	some scenes are interesting to watch , but overall it 's not a great film 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	i agree . in school one of my professors told me that crash was about as good as it gets in film . after we watched it , i had no idea what he meant . i did n't enjoy it at all . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	i was amazed this got an academy award . it 's not bad , but a great film ? really ? 
for real though . bug paste ? the fuck you think you were eating , gourmet slime imported from the mountains of italy ? be thankful it was n't humans , bugs are nutritious as fuck . 	the weird part of that is koreans eat bugs right now in the pre - apocalypse . they should have shown a dead body being eaten by the bugs or something . 
any superhero movie . 	i agree , the only ones i could bare was the dark knight films . the vast majority feel too cheesy to me 
i thought so , too . i was hyped for this movie based on the cast and cool previews . but the movie just was n't very good . 	i thought it was a really funny movie . the drama was secondary to the comedy . if that was purposeful , then hats off 
great pair those two are on screen . they work well together 	that have real chemistry on - screen . but i heard they do n't like each other in real life . 
it beat out saving private ryan for best picture . i 'll never forgive it for that .  edit : or the thin red line . 	i 'm one that believes saving private ryan is overrated . i never watch the full movie . 
get off the computer dad . 	ouch ! that hurt hard - core once i stopped laughing and realized i am probably older than the person you were saying this to . 
the big lebowski . why people gush over it is completely beyond me . 	yeah , well , that 's just , like , your opinion , man . 
they tried with the music though , that was great . 	it 's howard shore . very nice i like . 
the boondock saints .  it 's hard to say its overrated since in terms of box office it did n't even register . but its cult following is unwarranted . 	why do n't you make like a tree , and get the fuck out of here 
the godfather man i hated that , everyone else likes it but i hate it . 	i also do not care for the godfather . it insists upon itself . 
it beat out saving private ryan for best picture . i 'll never forgive it for that .  edit : or the thin red line . 	the fact that saving private ryan and the thin red line came in the same year is astonishing .  both are some of the best movies ever made . 
show me someone who does n't love dark knight , and i 'll punch them in the throat .  update : consider yourselves all on my throat punching list . 	and then they 'll talk like batman does . 
you use two of them like tongs to pull the turd out , then the third one to scrape any excess off of your butt . 	that is an explanation , but i 've never needed to extract my poo . 
tbh that can apply to half the comments here . 	maybe . but most comments refer to movies made in the last twenty years and the special effects era really began in the 90s though they did n't start to replace the story until the 00s . 
they tried with the music though , that was great . 	it 's howard shore , he 's always on the money . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	that movie is so bad i ca n't finish it . which is fucking impressive considering the movies i 'll finish . 
i thought it was great ! i actually cried laughing during it .  it goes without saying that everyone has different taste in humor and content so it 's understandable why people dislike the film . 	i rate how funny movies are based on how many times i have to pause it because i 'm afraid i 'll miss the next joke from laughing too hard . the interview was a solid 4 . 
teenage girls like to sing a popular song from a popular movie ? what is the world coming to ? 	at my high school , it was worse ; the guys did it . 
care to elaborate ? 	i 'd love to , but honestly it 's been ages since i 've seen that film . i just recall actively hating it . i 'll give it a watch again soon and update you if my opinion had changed at all . 
48 fps and tons of cgi makes everything look like plastic . even an animated stone bridge looks like super - sized legos . 	the worst were the more claustrophobic shots in dale . it looked like a cheap set put in front of a green screen . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	i love that movie . i like characters who are fucked up and lost and full of mistakes . 
boondock saints . i loved that movie in high school but realize just how terrible it is now . the script has some good one liners but the acting , camera work and editing is horrible . 	it 's a cult classic ! i still love it , but recognize that over all is not great . 
that movie where the train comes right at the screen . that movie sucked . 	the plot was just so overly complex . 
the 1990s for me :  1 . invite woman over 2 . put dirty dancing on vcr 3 . two hours later , have sex  	do you do the big move too ? 
because fast and furious movies got better instead of worse and every installment bought something new and different while rocky was pretty much doing the same shit non stop . 	rocky 2 is still my favorite . it actually felt like a different movie . then mr t showed up . then there were robots giving hand jobs . yeah your totally right . it did get worse 
that 's why broad city is doing so well . 	god , i fucking love broad city . it 's everything i need in a good comedy show . no useless stereotypes , no unoriginal plot tropes , no hacked comedy . so quality . 
gone with the wind . it was a 6 hour long saga of one stupid bitch who ruins everything . 	before the intermission it is a pretty great movie . after the intermission it is basically just scarlett whining non - stop . 
i think the point of the movie is you 're supposed to feel awkward and uncomfortable . the movie makes you feel how napoleon does : awkward and isolated . 	but why would i watch it , then ? 
the boondock saints .  it 's hard to say its overrated since in terms of box office it did n't even register . but its cult following is unwarranted . 	was hoping this would be at the top . 
in other words , it 's a christopher nolan movie . 	nolan is a brilliant director , and writes a pretty mean screenplay too , but i no longer trust him to be the writer or have come up with the original story for a film . 
it is a quite good movie , imo . 	yeah , it was a decent movie , but that twin towers ending was just stupid . it was a lazy attempt to use a national tragedy to make the audience sad . 
story of my life . 	yes , but are you baby or johnny ? 
i found the film absolutely hilarious , screw america but everyone i know who has seen the film loved it . 	i thought it was the funniest film i had seen in a long time ! 
phil , i thought you said your favorite movie was the godfather . 	carol , are you high ? the godfather is crap next to shawshank . 
interstellar . interesting storyline that could have been used so much better . the ending was just off on so many levels . 	as soon as i heard that love was the key , i could n't take the plot serious anymore . 
it 's a generational thing , i think . like billy madison or happy gilmore in the nineties .  you have to admit that it 's a pretty decent movie , though . 	all three of the movies mentioned are awful . 
did you see julie and julia ? adams was a trainwreck in that movie . 	nah , adams was fine , it just was n't a very well - written or directed film . 
it beat out saving private ryan for best picture . i 'll never forgive it for that .  edit : or the thin red line . 	of course , saving private ryan is about elderly matt damon remembering a bunch of people and things he never met or did .  my pick that year was elizabeth . 
i feel as if you 're a fan or you are n't . i did enjoy pulp fiction however . 	ive never met someone who didnt enjoy pulp fic . 
the big lebowski . i just do not understand the cult following . and expect this post to be downvoted to oblivion . 	if you 've only seen it once , watch it again . i did n't like it much the first time either . now it 's one of my favorite movies of all time . 
she 's actually funny as well . 	i think farley was funnier than her , but then again when farley was funny i was a child so his jokes where cool to me . 
he sounds like that old guy in diablo ii who did all the talking and identified items for you or whatever . 	stay awhile and listen ! 
here on the internet , the shawshank redemption is the most overrated film . it 's good , sure , but not best - film - ever - made good . 	i agree . great movie , really enjoyed it . but best movie ever ? hell no 
anchorman . funny , but not a classic comedy . 	first one was fun . second one was pretty meh . 
i personally think its just becoming stupid , like now that he 's not the last man on earth whats the show even about . 	that 's what my son says . miss still like it because it 's post apocalyptic , but not centered on the cause of the apocalypse or the dangers of post apocalypse . 
ahh yes , aliens . because what else is one to do with one of the best horror movies of all time but turn its sequel in to the likely inspiration for michael bay 's entire career . 	the fact that you compare aliens to any michael bay movie is horrific . 
i also thought the movie was badly - acted , had poor cinematography and was all around generic . 	plus , fake baby .  your points are why i think it 's overrated . it was a fun movie to watch but i see people treating it like an amazing work of cinema . 
they tried with the music though , that was great . 	it 's howard shore . he 's always on top of his game . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	yeah , it was pretty lame . me and my wife saw it when it was new on video and was one of the worst movies we watched at the time . 
thank god someone agrees . people praise this shit constantly , i feel like i have n't seen the right movie because they cant possibly be talking about what i saw . 	there are two versions , directors cut and the regular release . i prefer the regular one but unfortunately only have the dc burned and can tell there 's a decent amount of difference . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	tried to watch it multiple times . just could n't get myself into it and always end up turning it off . 
because fast and furious movies got better instead of worse and every installment bought something new and different while rocky was pretty much doing the same shit non stop . 	i stopped watching after tokyo drift . di n't like it . how many are there now ? is it really worth watching the rest ? i remember really liking the first one for what it was . 
it made 10 year old me cry in the theater . 	it made 18 year old me sob uncontrollably in the car afterwards for an embarrassingly long amount of time . that old couple : ugh . 
i do n't think i laughed once the entire movie . however , i bought the dvd as a set with old school , and that was hilarious so it was n't a total loss . 	how can you think old school is hilarious and not get a single laugh out of anchorman ? while i do like old school more , they were both chalked full of dumb humor . 
one of the first films ever . it 's a short clip of a train coming towards the camera . you can see it in the movie hugo 	it 's also referenced in one of the loading screens for the game civilization 5 : brave new world . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	wait seriously ? i regard that as one of the most underrated movies of all time . it 's incredible ! 
dumb and dumber . i 've tried , i really have , it 's not a watchable movie . 	i have to agree . i mean , its funny and quotable and all , but the way people talk about this movie as if its some sort of comedic perfection is insane . 
star wars ? you shut your whore mouth . 	they never saw it in the 80 's for someone to watch it now , it 's bad . 
teenage girls like to sing a popular song from a popular movie ? what is the world coming to ? 	when it happens for a year and it 's such a disney song it gets old . fast . 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	i got so defensive when i read the first part of this that i almost murdered my wife and her lover . 
she did n't even have a huge role but i dunno , i heard more about her than any other cast member . personally i liked her character on silver linings playbook more . 	yeah , her and cooper did crazy real well in that movie . 
avatar . actually thought the movie was kinda lame . 	yeah , i remember when it came out . everyone had watched it several times , but i saw it once and was unimpressed . have n't seen it since , would n't watch it again . 
them 's fightin 'words 	it will be an overly bloody and violent fight as well ! 
yeah , i hate to agree , but i have to . the final act of the movie feels so disconnected from the rest of it . 	i 've always said this . once rachel dies it should 've ended . 
pulp fiction . 	why ? explain what makes it over rated ? people in this thread just throw popular movie titles up , with no reason why , so they seem to be unique . explain why , then i might agree 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	could n't agree more . birdman was pretentious and way over hyped . whiplash was a far better movie . 
calm the hell down and stop being part of the anti - twilight circle jerk , shes not that bad an actress . 	this has n't got t anything to do with twilight . bitch is a sub - par actor and needs to learn to fully close her mouth . 
because fast and furious movies got better instead of worse and every installment bought something new and different while rocky was pretty much doing the same shit non stop . 	fast five does not feature a single race . 
i saw that movie because my 15 year old babysitter watched it every day for a week . 	i rest my case : d 
i was a little let down by gone girl . 	to be fair i think a lot of people were . 
lol inaccuracies . it 's one of the most accurate science fiction film in years . real astronauts and nasa staff have praised the film for how realistically it portrays movement in zero g . 	that 's the only realistic bit , the zero g portrayal . every aspect of orbital mechanics , distances etc is totally unrealistic . 
toy story 2 . with 162 reviews it 's the most rated movie on rotten tomatoes . it 's a children 's movie for god sakes , does it really need that many ratings ? 	i think it got so many because it was probably new during the reviewer 's childhood therefore it has a certain sentiment 
it beat out saving private ryan for best picture . i 'll never forgive it for that .  edit : or the thin red line . 	on the plus side , which movie is on the top 100 films list and now preserved in the national film registry ? 
did n't enjoy the inaccuracies , but loved the cinematography and special effects . i thought bullock did good for having almost no supporting actors for majority of the film . 	if that scene where she 's a fetus had dragged on any longer they would have needed to induce labor . 
is love the same thing as self - preservation ?  maybe that 's a question the movie should have asked . 	that is not a question in the movie because that 's the whole point of the movie . they are giving the answer not the question . 
it just felt like oscar bait . i really liked the performances , but i do n't understand why that story needed to be told . 	why does any story need to be told ? it was a classic double con movie . i thought it was well executed but to each his own . i just do n't understand the hate . 
nope , i thought the movie was quite lame . not my cup of tea , at all . 	i hated it the first time i watched it . saw it again and it was aight . 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	i just think bane is dope as fuck . my friends hated that movie but i loved it . bane was one of my favorite movie villains in recent memory . 
funny story , i 've never paid attention to the entire plot of that movie until i rewatched it a few months ago . if you think about it , everything happened because of a botched abortion . 	technically it was n't botched because it worked . and wonders of wonders , penny announces at the end of the movie that the doc says she can still have kids ! 
most of the bullshit in the movie was put there by the producers , not his book , right ? i still did n't think it was a particularly great movie . 	no read his book , it 's all one big lie . 
on the plus side , which movie is on the top 100 films list and now preserved in the national film registry ? 	no wait , dont tell me . its busty cops 5 right ? 
gone with the wind . it was a 6 hour long saga of one stupid bitch who ruins everything . 	yeah well i could say the same thing about your life . 
it came out over 5 years ago already . and actually i 'm not sure i 've seen a huge amount of films since that can match it either . 	i just rewatched it . it looks like a movie from this year . like damn . 6 years old and it still looks new . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	i liked crash . not that i think it deserved best picture , but i do n't think it deserves all the hate it gets . seems like just another movie that people like to bandwagon hate on . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	i liked the part where the little girl thinks she saved her dad with her invisible cloak . 
they tried with the music though , that was great . 	i think that was howard shore . he typically is on point . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	i watched it twice , and still did n't quite get it . but damn emma stone looked sexy in that movie . 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	it definitely is a shit film , the first two are brilliant but bane was so bad 
the boondock saints .  it 's hard to say its overrated since in terms of box office it did n't even register . but its cult following is unwarranted . 	try playing the drinking game . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	bitch ! bird man was filmed in one shot . did you even see the movie ? whiplash was amazing but jk simmons was the only one award worthy . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	it was a movie about living a lie . not sure if i 've seen a move made before that that hits that topic . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	and the original with james spader was so much better . i do n't understand why they reboot so many movies . 
alternative title no . 3 : shitty luck , in space 	i mean , it was shitty luck that got her there , but getting out was like winning the lotto like at least 6 times over the course of an hour . 
here on the internet , the shawshank redemption is the most overrated film . it 's good , sure , but not best - film - ever - made good . 	shawshank redemption was brilliant imo . great story , complex characters , well shot . what 's there to hate ? 
because fast and furious movies got better instead of worse and every installment bought something new and different while rocky was pretty much doing the same shit non stop . 	that is true , you gotta hand it to that franchise . they know what they are doing and they know how to keep it fresh . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	yeah , i definitely do n't think it was a bad movie , but it was so goddamn pretentious 
this has n't got t anything to do with twilight . bitch is a sub - par actor and needs to learn to fully close her mouth . 	have you ever seen a movie with her or are you just repeating things from other reddit comments ? 
if there was no such thing as batman prior to the dark knight trilogy , you would need to see the first movie for any sequel to have relevance . 	well , of course . the point of any sequel is to continue the story , not start a new one . if you want to know what happened , you watch the first movie . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	my mom 's college course just had to watch this movie and write an 8 page paper on how the movie deals with racism . 
i watched it for the first time about a year ago , and i think the only part of the movie i actually enjoyed was the entire scene of the ship sinking . that shit was powerful . 	did you loved the propeller ?  seems to be mentioned quite a lot here . 
i did n't think it was crap , but i came away from it thinking that it was a decent film that was lifted in public by the then - rampant jennifer lawrence bandwagon . 	i have never liked jennifer lawrence , but she did play crazy bitch well . i lost it laughing when she makes the speech at the end about leaving that was christian bale 's in the start . 
i am not no but both my brother and father work with nasa . they expressed the inaccuracies and kind of put a bad taste in my mouth afterwards , but by no means did it ruin the movie for me . 	oh well fuck . 
the big lebowski . i just do n't get it . 	yeah , well , you know , that 's just , like , your opinion , man . 
inception . it 's not nearly as complicated as everyone wants to make it , and it 's not the best story ever . it was fun to watch , but it 's way , way overhyped . 	it 's a hollywood primer for children . 
you 're the kind of i person that makes good things less good . let that stew around internally the next time you i ponder your place in the world 	you drew that conclusion based on a couple of comments on reddit ? maybe you should try not to judge people so much 
that movie where the train comes right at the screen . that movie sucked . 	yay a fellow film historian ! 
oh , man . i forgot to add why . for his great explanation and point of view . and for serving . i like to show that i 'm grateful . 	good thing you caught that . ca n't have you going into a personal crisis over your lack of patriotism like one of the above posters . 
i do n't see how these films are comparable , other than both having ryan gosling . i did like the movie though 	i was just making a connection between ryan gosling 's characters , which are very similar in both movies . 
it 's getting steadily worse every week , but i 'm still watching 	that 's disappointing . i really liked the premise and the trailer looked great . oh well , i watch too much tv anyway 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	thank you ! finally someone else had the balls to say this . i 'm really glad i 'm not the only one . 
not really . you only need to have a fair understanding of batman . 	if there was no such thing as batman prior to the dark knight trilogy , you would need to see the first movie for any sequel to have relevance . 
on an unrelated note , why is my cursor a hashtag ? 	on mobile , would n't know lol 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	watched this movie in my sociology class this year . i could n't wrap my head around it . every single racist scene in that movie felt so contrived . 
frozen . sure it was a cute little disney movie , but hardly one of their best , and not worth all the hype . 	i 'm not sure if anyone was calling it a great movie . it just happened to be the movie that little kids fell in love with . 
here on the internet , the shawshank redemption is the most overrated film . it 's good , sure , but not best - film - ever - made good . 	i think the shawshank redemption deserves every bit of hype surrounding it . i thought it was just brilliant . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	i didnt understand shit that was happening . and edward norton is just an overrated actor imo that did n't lend much to the movie . 
honestly i think pulling it from theaters killed the movie , it was pretty funny standard rogen fare . it would have broke even on a regular release at the least . 	you think restricting the movie from making money in the traditional way that movies make the majority of their money killed its revenue ? tell us more mr . scientist . 
i loved him in bio - dome 	hey man , you wanna go bin - dive for bad blu - rays at walmart ? 
if that 's the case , why are people drawn to them ? 	they 're easy to digest and exciting . it 's like someone took a 90 's kids cartoon but added mature themes and made the characters a touch more complex . 
they 're all political figures , no shit they 're going to spin it like that . the average person probably is n't though . 	are there a lot of other movies political figures spin like that ? 
i thought that the consensus was that these movies sucked . does anyone actually rate these highly ? 	yeah , you know , they 're good . as long as you 've never actually read or seen anything related to lord of the rings before 
i feel that way about most of tarantino 's movies . 	this just reminded me that my submission for this thread would definitely be kill bill . honestly the only movie of his i like is django . 
on the plus side , which movie is on the top 100 films list and now preserved in the national film registry ? 	home alone 4 ? 
this film was fucking strange to me . it was 3 hours long , took 12 years of filming and i felt like nothing actually happened , but i still enjoyed it . i honestly ca n't explain it . 	life happened . that 's the point . 
patiently waiting for indian rim , i want to see the 6 armed - robot .  source : i know nothing about indian culture 	and a giant robot dance sequence at the end . 
is that the thai drive ?  if so it was a big mistake of a film . 	nah , that movie was wayyy better than drive . 
itt : people i do n't want to see movies with 	because they did n't love a wildly popular movie ? 
he did make the two terminator movies and aliens .  i love those movies . 	ahh yes , aliens . because what else is one to do with one of the best horror movies of all time but turn its sequel in to the likely inspiration for michael bay 's entire career . 
this film was fucking strange to me . it was 3 hours long , took 12 years of filming and i felt like nothing actually happened , but i still enjoyed it . i honestly ca n't explain it . 	i guess that 's kind of like life . 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	maximum overdrive was better stephen king movie . it had mr . cage . 
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind . there i said it , big whoop , wanna fight about it . 	nah . unique concept , excellent acting , jim carey in a serious role . what 's not to like ? 
fuck luke skywalker . worst acting i 've ever seen . 	even worse than young anakin skywalker ? i guess luke had to get it from somewhere . 
i hate these fucking threads .  people just say the name of a movie , do n't explain why at all and get a million upvotes . 	then you 're clearly in the wrong thread . because all the top comments are all offering excellent explanations . 
i ca n't think of a single way tangled is n't better , frankly . 	frozen gives the message that a girl does n't need a man to be happy , and that true love can exist between sisters . that 's about it . 
it 's love for the human race . no one that 's alive now will die from climate change . it will kill future generations and our love of the human race is the reason we are trying to fix it . 	is love the same thing as self - preservation ?  maybe that 's a question the movie should have asked . 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	oh lord , it 's a miracle ! up and vanished like a fart in the wind . 
at the very least , gyllenhaal deserved a nomination .  i was never a big fan of his acting , but he absolutely carried that movie . 	yeah i thought he was far superior than a lot of the actors on that list . 
here on the internet , the shawshank redemption is the most overrated film . it 's good , sure , but not best - film - ever - made good . 	no . that movie is just fucking great . 
you drew that conclusion based on a couple of comments on reddit ? maybe you should try not to judge people so much 	i 'll try that . you try to find some integrity the next time you feel like playing special snowflake 
yeah it was a solid movie and all . not great , but solid . but the hype was unstoppable with the years of buildup . 	stand alone it was n't but as a whole with the other phase i movies it 's pretty good . i thought cap 2 was a better overall movie 
this 'll piss everyone off but - the last of us , it 's essentially a film , and one with yet another worn - out recycled apocalyptic storyline , that everyone seems to bum relentlessly . 	the fact that its a game which you consider to be a film speaks volumes of its accomplishments . as a film it would have been average , but as a game , the story telling is simply tops . 
no , but i think it counts as a religious experience if you 're a scientologist . 	the four horsemen of scientology . 
fast cars and beautiful women . 	right , these movies are entertaining . i do n't watch them for the plot . 
nonsense . if scientology could win you oscars , surely tom cruise would have one by now . 	battlefield earth also would have won best picture . 
i 've still never seen this , i always think of the film about car crash sex . 	same here , but i do tend to like movies like that in general . 
one of the first films ever . it 's a short clip of a train coming towards the camera . you can see it in the movie hugo 	also , in the intro to civ v , they have a theater playing that and people run away . 
i actually like this logic . i do n't think i 'd say shawshank is the best film in film history , but i do n't feel like it 's a travesty of justice for it to be up there . 	yeah my vote usually goes to city of god but you 'll notice my pitchfork is still in the barn . 
oh no girl , she killed it in selena 	i loved this movie . mainly cause we watched it in spanish class and stretched it out over 2 weeks . 
i believe there is a good movie in there . its just way too long . 	i really loved it , but then , i also walked out of the room for 20 minutes in the middle . when i came back it was like i never missed a thing . 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	loved it in theaters , then thought about it and its kinda shitty . have n't seen it again since . 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	you son of a bitch . i 'll bet you loved superman returns ! 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	bad song in horrible award - winning movie 
the first rocky movie was boring until halfway through . but all the rest were great 	modern day audiences ca n't grasp movies like rocky because we 're all so used to action and explosions and cgi whereas rocky is all about the dialogue and the story . 
no , it 's not . there 's plenty of movies out there that tell guys persistence will win over a completely uninterested girl eventually . 	i 'll take your word for it , then . i do n't watch a lot of movies . 
one is not a pedophile when sleeping with a 16 year old . 	one is in california , where the age of consent is 18 . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	agreed . i do n't fucking get it . although i wish gone girl had won . 
they tried with the music though , that was great . 	it 's howard shore . epic scores are his forte . 
no . for allowing disney to rape you of your good taste and just automatically thinking something is good because the mouse house put it out there . 	i love disney , but i do n't love every single movie they put out . i found finding nemo to be annoying and boring . 
i thought so , too . i was hyped for this movie based on the cast and cool previews . but the movie just was n't very good . 	that film was just boring . there was nothing really to it . 
drift was great if you just ignore the main character completely . 	so ignore the plot ? seems easy enough . 
i call it ernest goes to space . she did so many dumb things considering she 's an astronaut . 	she was n't an astronaut she was some sort of computer specialist if i remember correctly . but yeah it was quite annoying at times . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	it was a horrible movie . the black lady being saved at the end by the now heroic white cop who had previously digitally raped her was one of the stupidest things i 've ever seen in a movie . 
throwing 8 mile up there with the godfather is like saying your favorite foods are lobster and skittles . 	are we talking skittles pre or post the apple betrayal ? 
the wolf of wall street comfortably scorsese 's worst film . it 's a car crash from start to finish . 	hated this movie . it has no fucking point except alpha male bullshit . 
maybe that 's because they 're shit . 	go fuck yourself . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	birdman won because it was a satire on acting itself . i still like birdman better though . both were so original and refreshing . 
i feel that way about most of tarantino 's movies . 	i feel the same way - i think he 's very over rated and that his movies seem to be about seeing how much gratuitous violence he can fit in between cameos of himself saying the n - word . 
nice reference to my fave new show . that and better call saul . 	oh i love better call saul . my favorite ! 
well , some movie has to be the highest rated so it might as well be shawshank redemption . 	i actually like this logic . i do n't think i 'd say shawshank is the best film in film history , but i do n't feel like it 's a travesty of justice for it to be up there . 
anchorman . funny , but not a classic comedy . 	anchorman is a classic comedy . you do n't get to decide what movie gets to be a classic . the public has already decided that it 's a classic comedy . 
the lion king . i 've watched many disney films but i could never see why this one was so popular , besides the great film score . 	i think it was a big deal because for many kids , it was the first film that really dealt with death , despite being a children 's movie . 
you mean the movie considered by many , if not most , the greatest one ever made ?  no , it was n't boring . 	to be honest , i loved the godfather but i can see why a lot of people would n't enjoy it 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	i thought american history x was the same , but at least it did n't when anything besides nominations . a slow motion , black and white basketball game with a choir score . 
i thought that the consensus was that these movies sucked . does anyone actually rate these highly ? 	you know what movie 's really overrated ? star wars episode 1 : the phantom menace ! 
they 're hardly overrated . everyone seems to shit on them constantly , especially on reddit . 	no kidding . i do n't get all the hate . i had a great time watching them and enjoyed them . i think its becomes fashionable to hate some things and a lot of peeps just pile on . 
tbh helms deep was one of the things wrong with it . the introduction of elves there totally ruined one of the threads of the story . that the elves were done and this victory belonged to men . 	i loved the addition of the elves . in the books we barely even get vague references about the other peoples of middle earth fighting against sauron 
what are you on about ? the last airbender is my second favorite movie , the first one being eragon . 	i love both of those franchises , but the movies sucked . 
here on the internet , the shawshank redemption is the most overrated film . it 's good , sure , but not best - film - ever - made good . 	there is not a single movie that will blow your mind like the end of shawshank . not a single one in existence . 
speaking of which - what a terrible movie  but then again i judged it solely on the trailer and thought it was going to be about a little orphan boy with a sweet victorian robot friend 	that movie was fucking awful . i had to watch it in film class and none of us could understand why the teacher had such a boner for it . 
the boondock saints .  it 's hard to say its overrated since in terms of box office it did n't even register . but its cult following is unwarranted . 	this should be way higher up . this is one of the worst movies ever made . the acting is bad , the plot is boring , and the editing is terrible . 
this film was fucking strange to me . it was 3 hours long , took 12 years of filming and i felt like nothing actually happened , but i still enjoyed it . i honestly ca n't explain it . 	not a lot happens in a typical slice of life style movie . it was literally just watching brief snippets of a boy growing up . excellent movie , though . 
requiem for a dream it 's not as good as trainspotting imo 	trainspotting did n't have ass to ass though , you ca n't really leave out the most poignant part of the movie . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	i remember thinking that too . i enjoyed the movie , but it was n't life changing . 
there is a grown man five desks over who has frozen plushies on his desk . not even kidding . he speaks in quotes from the movie and cites it in meetings all the time . total whack job . 	one day he will go mad and kill you and several of your colleagues before a swat sniper takes him out . do n't say you were n't warned when that happens . 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	even kim jong un went on record saying it 's his favorite movie . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	hated that movie . entirely contrived as oscar bait . 
i just do n't understand the logic of thinking that movies you enjoyed not deserving money from the ticket sales of people who also enjoyed the movies . 	my logic was that the amount of revenue a movie makes at the box office should correlate with how good the movie was . obviously , that is not possible . 
it just changed from point break to karate kid to oceans 11 . 	fuck yeah it did . 
i hate these fucking threads .  people just say the name of a movie , do n't explain why at all and get a million upvotes . 	i see a lot of explanations . 
agree to disagree with the fact that fast and furious got better over time . 	anyone that thinks the 3rd one was better than the first two must be high . 
lol , yeah . very developed . much story . ronan had such a strong presence . very well written character . it was a mindless , feel good action movie . 	doge arguing . this is the world we live in . 
you obviously just never read the book .  if you had and knew the backstory it is far more enjoyable . 	i should not be forced to consume one form of media to enjoy a nother one . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	birdman was masterful .  i liked whiplash a lot but as a professional jazz musician the whole movie is kind of silly . literally none of those things happen irl . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	whiplash seriously shouldve won . i tried watching birdman but still had no idea what i was watching . it was like a highschool film with an unlimited budget . 
i 'm a film editor and the term sfx has always meant sound effects in my experience . i guess i was being too literal . 	sorry , i was meaning special effects . i figured in the context of the conversation it would be more clear than that . 
i feel like most people i know loved django unchained way more than i did . 	i enjoyed django a lot more for the humor than the action . that movie was funny . 
they 're definitely one of if not my favourite movie series . what do you dis like about them ? curious is all 	the really poor plot line and back story . the cars do n't sell a movie to me . 
i 'm one that believes saving private ryan is overrated . i never watch the full movie . 	same here . the beach scene is amazing . that should be shown in schools . the rest of the film , boring . bad tactics , unrealistic plot , etc . 
please elaborate , i 'm intrigued as this is one of my favorite movies 	can you actually eli5 what the movie is about ? i saw it but i do n't really understand the entire loop back to the beginning part . 
one of the first films ever . it 's a short clip of a train coming towards the camera . you can see it in the movie hugo 	iirc it is the first film ever or the second , the other film their known for is leaving the factory or some shit . 
well , if you put it like that it sounds pretty good . 	you should watch demolition man . weird scene . 
this film was fucking strange to me . it was 3 hours long , took 12 years of filming and i felt like nothing actually happened , but i still enjoyed it . i honestly ca n't explain it . 	i think that 's the point ; it mimics the average boyhood in that nothing strange or startling happens but yet you love it and you feel like a different person for having watched it . 
gotta love boxing movies . from rocky to million dollar baby . 	my latest favorite was the fighter . such a good film . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	anthology films , or however you want to describe movies like that , tend to be train wrecks anyways . very few actually result in a good cohesive story . 
i 'm with you on this . i did n't find a single moment in it funny , and once you take the comedy out of it that movie completely falls apart . 	if you take out comedy from a lot of different movies , they are going to fall apart . that is why they are there . of you take any major theme from a movie it 's going to be bad . 
as someone who considers this possibly my favourite film of all time , i completely get why people hate it . 	my mistake was watching this movie when i was about 8 years old .  so . boring . 
mexico : love it or leave it ! 	yeah , there might be no way to fix mexico . you kind of just have to enjoy it and accept it as it is . 
none of those are top atm . 	smart . api 
please elaborate , i 'm intrigued as this is one of my favorite movies 	fisher price 's my first deep movie 
i hate these fucking threads .  people just say the name of a movie , do n't explain why at all and get a million upvotes . 	sooo why are you browsing around in this thread ? 
it is a quite good movie , imo . 	i loved it , the twin towers scene was very well done , but did n't reveal itself for the entirety of the film if you catch my drift 
here on the internet , the shawshank redemption is the most overrated film . it 's good , sure , but not best - film - ever - made good . 	people seem to be mistaking nostalgia for movie quality . 
shhhh . redditors are experts in everything and know waaaay more than the professional consultants that actually do that for a living . duh . 	every one of us is an expert in every subject desperately trying to gain the approval of strangers who are also experts in every subject . 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	the dark knight set the bar on the moon . i fell you tho 
did n't see it ? here let 's watch it again ! 	in their defense , i did n't catch any of those the first time . i think that says something about the movie , though , and about them being too nitpicky . 
that movie where the train comes right at the screen . that movie sucked . 	you need to watch it again on blu - ray . 
you have to see batman begins to understand the dark knight rises . 	not really . you only need to have a fair understanding of batman . 
i agree , but there 's no reason to trash his character as a pedo for it . he 's just fucking weird instead . 	a pedo can still operate within the law . 16 is the age of consent in many states . 
teenage girls like to sing a popular song from a popular movie ? what is the world coming to ? 	i remember doing the same thing with the lion king as a teenage girl . my moms generation had the sound of music . 
on the plus side , which movie is on the top 100 films list and now preserved in the national film registry ? 	the room ? 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	i disagree , that movie is brilliantly filmed and acted . everyone did amazing in it , i cant say ive seen many movies where the filming plays into the plot . 
in between each of those numbers , vin diesel makes some remarks about family . 	insert a few ass - tracking shots in the middle somewhere . 
because fast and furious movies got better instead of worse and every installment bought something new and different while rocky was pretty much doing the same shit non stop . 	agree to disagree with the fact that fast and furious got better over time . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	i love it for the nudity and sex . will watch it any time . nowadays there are no nice movies with a big case and a plot with lots of sex . 
because fast and furious movies got better instead of worse and every installment bought something new and different while rocky was pretty much doing the same shit non stop . 	better ? they got worse . we went from cars and street racing to saving the world . where is the racing . 1 - 3 were the best 
i tried to love it , i swear . i thought maybe when i first saw it i was in a bad mood , or with someone who bugged me , something ! but it just did n't click . 	hint : it 's because it 's a shit film with absolutely abysmal writing , embarrassing visuals and laughable choreography . simply terrible . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	i think i remember the film . 
with an attitude like that , let 's hope you never have kids . you would be a horrible parent . 	are you implying that to be a good parent , you have to like and understand everything your child watches and enjoys ? 
that 's exactly why i didnt like it . i do n't watch movies to just watch normal people do normal , mundane life shit . 	yeah this movie is very hit or miss . some parts were very slow and boring , i can understand why people would n't like it . 
idiocracy is a terrible movie and i 'm tired of people trying to convince me otherwise . 	it was a great idea that was horribly done . 
you do know the train was a metaphor for earth ? 	yeah , i understood the metaphor and i did n't think it was a bad idea . i just thought the execution was pretty awful . and the acting was n't great either . 
i 've still never seen this , i always think of the film about car crash sex . 	patricia arquette ruining the driver 's seat of a mercedes . 
you should watch demolition man . weird scene . 	demo man is great fun . stupid , over the top fun 
while i agree with you . i thought he was pretty good in stranger than fiction . 	that movie is one of my all time favorites ! i hated him as an actor until i saw him in that . now i hate him as an actor except for in that . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	as a drummer i could never get past how the leading actor did n't play in sync . it 's a pet peeve . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	one of the first movies on netflix i watched . i really enjoyed it , to each his own . 
it beat out saving private ryan for best picture . i 'll never forgive it for that .  edit : or the thin red line . 	saving private ryan 's plot is pretty silly . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	birdman is the most interesting movie that i never want to see again . 
tmnt made me want to cry . so . terrible . i can honestly say megan fox was the only thing that i enjoyed about that movie and i thought she 'd be the one to ruin it . 	i remember that once i heard she was cast as april , i knew the film would be fucked . but she did very not bad .  i will say that the elevator scene cracked me up quite a bit . 
is it really an overrated movie when everyone already hates it ? 	did you see how much money that movie made on opening night ? a lot . 
that 's the point . it 's a patriotic propaganda piece . 	i can honestly say nothing about that movie made me feel like it was anything close to pro war propaganda . if anything it had the opposite impression on me . 
bitch better change that to apa !  edit : i did n't know reddit was so passionate about their citation formats . 	well , as you may know , every single redditor is a college age male , so we gotta know them . 
neither are the always sunny crew but i dig their shenanigans . 	with a little proper guidance , charlie could be a decent human being . the rest of the gang ? fuck no , their just douchebags forever . 
i 've still never seen this , i always think of the film about car crash sex . 	get the book , as always its a different sort of fucked up beast reading about licking cum off the car seat after a crash . 
i think the point of the movie is you 're supposed to feel awkward and uncomfortable . the movie makes you feel how napoleon does : awkward and isolated . 	everybody said it was such a funny movie , but when i watched it , it was more boring than anything . it 's possible to be awkward and funny , but that was n't it for me . 
any superhero movie . 	i cant wait for the onslaught of marvel movies to burn out . comic boys get mad 
my latest favorite was the fighter . such a good film . 	i loved the fighter . does bronson count as a boxing movie ? because that 's a recent favorite of mine 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	this movie was overrated ? i thought everyone hated it . 
the boondock saints .  it 's hard to say its overrated since in terms of box office it did n't even register . but its cult following is unwarranted . 	i loved boondock saints . and that 's coming from someone who is n't even a huge fan of generic action movies : p i think it did a very good job 
you did n't like silver linings playbook ? 	nope , i thought the movie was quite lame . not my cup of tea , at all . 
naked lunch . i can think of at least two things wrong with that title . 	the book is so out there that no movie could really do it justice . 
snowpiercer . i do n't get why everyone loved it so much . i thought it was terrible . 	totally agree . it was a good idea that had terrible execution . 
it beat out saving private ryan for best picture . i 'll never forgive it for that .  edit : or the thin red line . 	i did n't like saving private ryan .  i like band of brothers and enemy at the gates .   
was it the best movie ? no . but that 's ok . i enjoyed them too . we can suffer the criticism together . 	have you ever explored to see if you are simple minded , or average ?  seriously , i am not su how an intelligent person could be entertained by that garbage . 
i 'm a guy and i love titanic . yeah i fucking said it 	you 're ok , dude . the rest of us guys stopped listening about mid - thread . 
gone with the wind . it was a 6 hour long saga of one stupid bitch who ruins everything . 	true . if it had ended shortly after the war ended it would have been alright , but holy crap it dragged on . 
it beat out saving private ryan for best picture . i 'll never forgive it for that .  edit : or the thin red line . 	i would put the thin red line as overrated . i really do n't see the appeal to that movie at all . 
how did the train go in the book ? 	think the text just kept getting bigger until it was basically giant versions of those foam bath letters for kids .  felt like it was coming right at you , honestly . 
the boondock saints .  it 's hard to say its overrated since in terms of box office it did n't even register . but its cult following is unwarranted . 	ca n't believe the hype either . one of the worst movies i 've ever seen . 
i hate these fucking threads .  people just say the name of a movie , do n't explain why at all and get a million upvotes . 	most of the top comments leave at least a little explanation so i 'm not sure what you 're on about . 
people acted like it was the first movie with a plot twist . yea the movie will trick you , that does n't mean the director is genius 	the director is a genius . just not because of inception . memento is a genuinely brilliant film . 
in between each of those numbers , vin diesel makes some remarks about family . 	no , you do n't understand . the 1 - 6 numbering was a simple plot synopsis of the first 6 fast and furious movies , not a walk - through of how the average movie goes . 
i 'm glad i 'm not the only one who likes this show . i have n't talked about it with anyone because even though i enjoy it , i get the feeling most people would n't . 	i really love the show , but i really , really hate phil . will forte does an amazing job but i just want to murder that character . he 's such a turd . 
contemporary super hero films . marvel etc . 	the dark knight was legitimately good just as a piece cinema as well as being a super hero movie . i ca n't think of a single other superhero film that can stand on its own merits . 
the dark knight . the actors and characters are amazing . but the film itself ? half an hour too long and the pacing is all over the place . 	i told people when i saw it , it was a good movie and then it ended 2 more times than necessary .   
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	good book though . easy to forget she 's a hooker in the movie . 
the dark knight . the actors and characters are amazing . but the film itself ? half an hour too long and the pacing is all over the place . 	you shut up your whore mouth ! 
i love tarantino , but i definitely feel that way about pulp fiction . 	funny because pulp fiction is the one movie of his i really liked . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	i totally agree , yet for some reason i absolutely love that movie . really could n't tell you why . 
one of the first films ever . it 's a short clip of a train coming towards the camera . you can see it in the movie hugo 	speaking of which - what a terrible movie  but then again i judged it solely on the trailer and thought it was going to be about a little orphan boy with a sweet victorian robot friend 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	the story was definitely the coolest of the 3 imo , but the writing was super weak in comparison to tdk . 
any superhero movie . 	implying the dark knight is n't a top 10 film in the new millenium . 
unless there was no author given , in which case he did it right . 	unlikely that anyone would write a 30 page paper for an academic journal and have it published with no author . 
teenage girls like to sing a popular song from a popular movie ? what is the world coming to ? 	he sounds pretty cold hearted . he should let it go . those people never bothered me anyways . 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	it 's really bad . 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	batman just looks silly fighting in broad daylight . 
did n't enjoy the inaccuracies , but loved the cinematography and special effects . i thought bullock did good for having almost no supporting actors for majority of the film . 	i saw this in theaters and thought it would n't be a good watch at home . that movie is made for the big screen and good 3d effects . 
clearly it 's the godfather , most people have not seen the movie and those that have already had the expectation of it being the greatest of all time . it 's just meh . 	amen to that . it 's got some of the worst pacing i 've seen in such a highly acclaimed film . 
personally , i really did n't like pulp fiction 	ouch my friend , i just see a lot of down votes in your future . so here 's an up - vote for sharing your opinion ! 
it came out over 5 years ago already . and actually i 'm not sure i 've seen a huge amount of films since that can match it either . 	only movie that comes close is prometheus , imo  edit : and gravity , forgot about that one . none of them are too hot in the plot and character department 
no . it 's a really shitty and unfunny movie . 	i suggest you go get it right meow and watch it again . 
because hunger games . 	people tell me i 'm crazy when i point out how much of a ripoff these are from hunger games . i think i 'm the only not - crazy one . 
the boondock saints .  it 's hard to say its overrated since in terms of box office it did n't even register . but its cult following is unwarranted . 	it 's a proven fact that anyone who likes boondock saints also has a sublime t - shirt and a university lanyard that hangs from the bulletin board in their dorm room . 
seriously , this film is far from overrated . it 's rated perfectly where it should be . 	christoph frickin waltz . ca n't wait to see him as the villian in the new bond . 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	yes . every nolan batman movie got worse . batman begins was great and it was all downhill from there . 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	is that the bane one ? ya , i thought it was bad too . all my friends think i 'm an idiot . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	whiplash was painfully average and brought absolutely nothing new to the table . birdman was a work of art . 
contemporary super hero films . marvel etc . 	the only marvel films i think were particularly good are the first iron man film and the avengers .  i expect the second avengers to be disappointing .   
what movie are you referencing ? 	watch hugo , they talk about it there 
idk , the first iron man movie did lived up to the hype . 	i like the rest of the marvel movies well enough . but i 've never loved any of them like i love iron man . even iron man 2 and 3 just did n't capture the awesomeness of the first one . 
that movie where the train comes right at the screen . that movie sucked . 	their earlier work was better , like the one where everyone leaves the factory . genius film making . 
oh no girl , she killed it in selena 	i love that movie ! we watched it in my spanish class in high school and i 've been hooked on it ever since . it 's one of my favorite movies to show people . 
the 1990s for me :  1 . invite woman over 2 . put dirty dancing on vcr 3 . two hours later , have sex  	that 's a heavy price to pay for sex . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	watched this for the first time the other week , and was intrigued by the casual racism of the asian neighbor . but overall just an odd movie , not sure why it 's considered such a classic . 
it beat out saving private ryan for best picture . i 'll never forgive it for that .  edit : or the thin red line . 	the king 's speech earns that hatred for me . i 'm really happy for it and i 'm gonna let it finish , but the social network was one of the greatest films of all time . of all time . 
that movie where the train comes right at the screen . that movie sucked . 	are you my film 101 professor ? 
the boondock saints .  it 's hard to say its overrated since in terms of box office it did n't even register . but its cult following is unwarranted . 	one of the few movies i just could n't get through . awful acting , pretentious as all hell tarantino wannabe movie . 
here on the internet , the shawshank redemption is the most overrated film . it 's good , sure , but not best - film - ever - made good . 	i feel the same way . i think it 's a pretty great movie ! just not that great . 
one of the first films ever . it 's a short clip of a train coming towards the camera . you can see it in the movie hugo 	it took way too long for that to be explained . 
dude what are you talking about , everyone in that movie develops as a character . 	lol , yeah . very developed . much story . ronan had such a strong presence . very well written character . it was a mindless , feel good action movie . 
the dark knight . the actors and characters are amazing . but the film itself ? half an hour too long and the pacing is all over the place . 	i 'm of the opinion that had heath not died , no one would give a shit about this film . it had terrible pacing and story issues over the last 45 minutes . 
honestly it 's so bad it 's a religious experience for everyone . 	because everyone comes out of it thinking that no just god would allow something like this to be made ? 
says the person whom is acting like a bigger child than anyone here . have a good one friend 	you 're the one who decided to resort to personal attacks , nothing i said was particularly childish . 
unless i am missing the joke , the first hunger games was written a year before the first maze runner book . 	you 're right . i double check and maze runner was published about 1 year after the hunger games . 
any superhero movie . 	i do n't know what it is about them , but superhero movies , in general , bore me so much . 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	i am not sure if it is the best movie i have ever experienced , but but it has the most satisfying movie ending that i have ever experienced . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	agreed . i 'm a firm believer that boyhood should 've won , but that opinions kinda unpopular on this site 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	my mom was a complete ass when i said i did n't like it . 
every time this gets asked i answer the dark knight . every time i get a ton of down - votes and i delete the comment in shame . 	you are entitled to your opinion , however wrong it may be 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	i surprised at how boring it was since its referenced so much . i could barely make it through the film and i like classic movies . 
contemporary super hero films . marvel etc . 	thank you ! i hate them all . when a character can do anything , then what 's the point ? 
girls run our lives and we do nothing about it . a bad movie becomes good simply because of a good looking chick ? worst reason ever . 	you seem like fun . 
imo begins is the superior one . 	begins had the best version of gotham , but the dark knight 's script was super tight 
great cinematography is great , but when the story and characters are crap , who cares about the cinematography . 	the story was great ! awesome , completely unique environment for the premise to play out . 
this film was fucking strange to me . it was 3 hours long , took 12 years of filming and i felt like nothing actually happened , but i still enjoyed it . i honestly ca n't explain it . 	i think that 's what the film is trying to show . there is beauty in the simple and mundane parts of our lives . 
even my wife likes it , and she assumes she wo n't like anything i try to show her on tv . 	you 're a step ahead of me . my wife wo n't even let me watch it in the same room . if i 'm watching it , she 'll go to our bedroom and watch some bullshit cooking show . 
the point is : frozen should have never been made . period . 	that 's your opinion , millions of others do not share it . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	to me it 's a little like mad men , i think it 's the style of the movie or the style in the movie that makes it so appealing to people . not really much substance though . 
i did n't think it was crap , but i came away from it thinking that it was a decent film that was lifted in public by the then - rampant jennifer lawrence bandwagon . 	same . to me it was the kind of movie that you could tell was good , but it just was n't for me 
accurate physics , like how a debris field can orbit the planet faster than the characters yet always returns to the same spot in regular intervals ? 	they could have been on the same orbital plane , but going in the opposite direction i suppose . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	this movie always looked so bad i 've just had no interest in checking it out . i 'm sure it has n't aged well either .   
it beat out saving private ryan for best picture . i 'll never forgive it for that .  edit : or the thin red line . 	i always laugh when woody harrelson says his butt blew off . then i feel bad . 
and i would n't like to discuss it with you either since i assume you 're one of those obnoxiously awkward children who i mentioned earlier . 	says the person whom is acting like a bigger child than anyone here . have a good one friend 
people can already clearly notice shitty 24fps . watching a fight scene or a quick camera pan at that low quality just makes me wanna throw up . 	yeah . i cant watch many action movies because of that . hurts my eyes . 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	is it overrated , though ? everybody i know said it was somewhere from bad to good . 
one of the first films ever . it 's a short clip of a train coming towards the camera . you can see it in the movie hugo 	and the intro to civ 5 brave new world , i believe . 
i 'm of the opinion that had heath not died , no one would give a shit about this film . it had terrible pacing and story issues over the last 45 minutes . 	i think the movie would still be universally praised had heath lived .  he did an amazing job with the joker and his career would have just continued to flourish . 
as i recall , i think we , both kinda liked it . 	fuck off for making me remember that shitty song . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	as much as i loved whiplash , boyhood should have won best picture . that movie is pretty timeless and it will age very well . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	i liked whiplash more as well , but birdman is a great movie with or without an oscar 
i dont think it is an issue of understanding or not . i just felt dissapointed by the mediocrity and the inconsistencies throughout the movie . it is really overrated for me . 	i agree that it was overrated but the dark knight was much more overrated .  however i think it was still a good movie .  what inconsistencies are you referring to ? 
the dark knight . the actors and characters are amazing . but the film itself ? half an hour too long and the pacing is all over the place . 	i did n't get to see the film in the cinema but i certainly heard that everyone loved it .  when my time came to see it on dvd i do n't think it could ever live up to its hype . 
mental pressure and one of my teachers was very creative with language , if you get what i mean . he did n't hit me though . 	it sounds like you 're just at a bad school or have a bad professor . whiplash is nothing like my school or professors . 
everyone in the theater i was in loved it . they were cheering and clapping at the end . 	but people in general are retarded . as proven by the fact that they clapped at a movie screen . 
there 's another reason why people watch it ? even girls watch the movie to eye up hepburn . 	can confirm . i 'm a girl . i watch to eye up audrey . 
one of the first films ever . it 's a short clip of a train coming towards the camera . you can see it in the movie hugo 	that movie about the guy in a horse race in a desert ? 
and now you understand marketing . 	yea how people did n't realize they were getting played with that movie is beyond me . 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	was it ever really that highly rated though ? i know its hype was unbelievable but i do n't think anyone ever put it on par with the dark knight . 
we need time machines . the sole purpose of these time machines would be to pluck those audience members from that theater and put them in an imax theater playing 3d transformers . 	this kills the human . 
this is so incorrect it 's painful to read . 	aye . i grew up in a population 5 , 000 town , had an internet girlfriend in the 90s . hated nd . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	you should watch babel , much better imo . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	what a snooze fest that film is . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	sabrina . now that 's a hepburn movie .  total class act . 
at the very least , gyllenhaal deserved a nomination .  i was never a big fan of his acting , but he absolutely carried that movie . 	i mean , he 's so textbook psycho creepy . the way he speaks , it 's not something out of a human . something like a redditor would speak in real life . 
lr was good , too . but you 're right . lucas signed a deal with satan when he made star wars . in the 70s that shit was seriously next level . 	2001 : a space odyssey came out in 1968 and i have always thought the sfx were far more impressive than star wars , am i missing something ? 
it 's a generational thing , i think . like billy madison or happy gilmore in the nineties .  you have to admit that it 's a pretty decent movie , though . 	i still laugh even now when i watch happy gilmore . for the 10th time or so . 
the story of how a social climbing southern bell 's life is greatly inconvenienced by the american civil war - gone with the wind 	it 's more enjoyable if you view it is a glorious sorry about the forces of good wiping these awful people out . 
i 've still never seen this , i always think of the film about car crash sex . 	you just reminded me of its existence , seriously that movie was absolutely awful 
that movie where the train comes right at the screen . that movie sucked . 	whoa ! spoiler alert ! give the entire plot away , why do n't you ? 
because fast and furious movies got better instead of worse and every installment bought something new and different while rocky was pretty much doing the same shit non stop . 	from crap movie to kinda still shitty . 
2001 - very tedious to watch 	i have to agree with this . i can appreciate the level of detail and fx for the time etc . but it is a painful watch , and i like outer space movies 
here on the internet , the shawshank redemption is the most overrated film . it 's good , sure , but not best - film - ever - made good . 	it 's really , really average . like , the most average movie i 've ever seen . i could write essays on how fucking mediocre it is . 
crash . sure it 's an okay film , but it should n't have been mentioned for best picture .  edit : fixed a word 	i would n't even call it okay . i would say it was horrible . 
 the costumes and prosthetics are ridiculous , i could n't get past the cartoonish villains . 	that is why i liked it . everything was like a cartoonish villain , loved the classroom scene . 
super hero movies always are , do n't expect the hero to die 	there are some that do n't conform to the standard superhero tropes . watchmen really went sideways from the norm . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	whiplash was a great film , but it had a lot of problems that lost it the oscar . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	nobody praises that movie for it 's own merits . it 's all about audrey hepburn and she deserves every bit if it . 
contemporary super hero films . marvel etc . 	boo . some of us have waited our entire lives to see our favorite heroes on the big screen . watch the movie iron man and tell me its not just an excellent movie all around . 
red five , standing by . 	thanks bro . 
i would n't call him popular , but he definitely has a following . 	well , i 've been his fan for long . i just had no clue that others watched his videos too . maybe he 's blown up in the past year , iirc he went comedy too a while ago . 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	it 's my favorite movie . i love the part where tom hanks gets redeemed . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	but if you read the book first and watch the movie later you get an awesome twist ending ! 
2001 : a space odyssey .  boring and it explained nothing ! the book is great though . 	it was purely visual to represent the infancy of man . use the book as a backing for this perception . the whole point was that it was supposed to be confusing and filled with only sensations . 
why ? it 's stylish , has a good story line with an interesting plot twist , quality acting , wardrobe , cinematography . 	the plot twist was a little too oceans 11 for my taste . 
the problem is people have not read the books so they think the movie is ok . 	i 've read the hobbit more than 20 times and the lord of the rings north of 30 times .  i think the movies are okay . 
no , i have no interest in reading books 	that 'll probably be why you liked it then . most of the people who hated it have read the book , so know what the original story was like . 
gone with the wind . it was a 6 hour long saga of one stupid bitch who ruins everything . 	and it beat out the wizard of oz for best picture in 1940 . i 've been salty about that since i was 3 years old , damnit . 
clearly it 's the godfather , most people have not seen the movie and those that have already had the expectation of it being the greatest of all time . it 's just meh . 	agreed . i could n't believe after i finished watching all 9 boring hours of it that this is what everyone was raving about . utter crap 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	i was about to shank you but read the rest of what you wrote . 
frozen . im not saying its bad , it was just really over hyped . 	i agree man , i actually thought wreck - it ralph was a better overall movie but got so little attention . 
you should watch demolition man . weird scene . 	she is the hottest woman on planet earth in that film . 
same here . the beach scene is amazing . that should be shown in schools . the rest of the film , boring . bad tactics , unrealistic plot , etc . 	in fairness , it would be a long and boring film if it illustrated correct tactics in a realistic manner . 
phil , i thought you said your favorite movie was the godfather . 	nope , i am the biggest shank - head you will ever meet . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	moon river covers up all of that movie 's flaws imho 
which is fitting since it 's the 20th anniversary of her murder . 	happy anniversary of your death selena ! 
i think it was a big deal because for many kids , it was the first film that really dealt with death , despite being a children 's movie . 	i do n't know about that , death is in plenty of disney films . 
yeah it was a solid movie and all . not great , but solid . but the hype was unstoppable with the years of buildup . 	are you kidding ? it was completely worth the hype imo 
any superhero movie . 	listen here motherfucker , we can go back to late 90s superhero movies if you want . the stuff we have now is a god damn masterpiece compared to then . 
yeah it was a solid movie and all . not great , but solid . but the hype was unstoppable with the years of buildup . 	i enjoyed it , but it was n't the most amazing superhero movie ever . 
it beat out saving private ryan for best picture . i 'll never forgive it for that .  edit : or the thin red line . 	saving private ryan was n't the best wwii movie nominated for best picture that year , though . 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	my heart dropped for a second . i mean i ca n't see a way that movie was bad 
the boondock saints .  it 's hard to say its overrated since in terms of box office it did n't even register . but its cult following is unwarranted . 	each movie before this , i have nodded and considered there point of view . but you . you have made an unforgivable sin . may you die in a whore . 
yeah , but then that enemy will take one of your eyes , beat you and shit on your face . 	good point . i 'm cool . 
lol inaccuracies . it 's one of the most accurate science fiction film in years . real astronauts and nasa staff have praised the film for how realistically it portrays movement in zero g . 	let us not forget that time she used a jetpack to go from space station to space station . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	that film made me so angry . it was so shallow and obnoxiously heavy handed that i just wanted it to be over the entire time i was watching it . 
any superhero movie . 	but actually . i agree . but it depends what you 're looking for . superhero movies are like popcorn for your brain , while other movies are more about thinking and being exposed to new ideas . 
gravity . it was a film with close call after close call . the opening scene was impressive though . 	i thought at the end when the capsule lands in the water than sharks were going to attack her , for the final close call . stupid dull movie 
you should watch demolition man . weird scene . 	saw that recently . that woman does n't age 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	the feel - good prison movie of 1994 ! 
i hate these fucking threads .  people just say the name of a movie , do n't explain why at all and get a million upvotes . 	a lot of people who comment explain why they too feel this way . 
your school is n't exactly representative of the world at large . 	most of the people at my high school , and now most of the people i interact with at college , know and use quotes from the movie fairly often . 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	grand budapest hotel was just soooo much better . so much so i put a lot of o 's in so . 
what movie are you referencing ? 	seriously , you ca n't just reference the film and not give the title . i have no idea what movie is being talked about . 
they tried with the music though , that was great . 	the one song coupled with lord of the rings music ? 
i think the point of the movie is you 're supposed to feel awkward and uncomfortable . the movie makes you feel how napoleon does : awkward and isolated . 	to me , that was the brilliance of it . everyone , at some point in high school , feels awkward and isolated . napoleon illustrates that feeling to an extreme . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	i only hate that movie because she throws cat out of the car and then acts like she 's the victim when she realizes what she 's done . 
spot on . 	i find it funny that at least one person downvoted your comment . apparently they dont agree with the dictionary 
cameron should have had the old lady put that necklace on , jump in the water , and fade to black . that would have been an oscar worthy ending . 	that would completely contradict the whole point though , which was that rose would live a full and happy life and then die warm in her bed , not a cold , watery grave . 
is it watchable ? i watched a star wars prequel fan edit that was more of an experiment to show that the prequels could have been trimmed down , and it was n't a particularly enjoyable watch . 	honestly it 's pretty much how the movie should have been made . i did n't think that the end had too much of a gap to deal with , but it followed the books as well as it could 
get off the computer dad . 	child support may see it differently , but you 're no son of mine ! 
itt : people i do n't want to see movies with 	itt : people who do n't know what overrated means . fast and furious is n't winning any oscars nor making it on any film critic 's top 100 films of all time . so what 's the fucking problem ? 
i thought that the consensus was that these movies sucked . does anyone actually rate these highly ? 	the first two were decent entertainment . the last is pure garbage . 
they tried with the music though , that was great . 	it 's howard shore , he will always be on point 
i still laugh even now when i watch happy gilmore . for the 10th time or so . 	happy gilmore . man , that 's amazing , and i 'm not a fan of pretty much any other adam sandler movie . 
one of the first films ever . it 's a short clip of a train coming towards the camera . you can see it in the movie hugo 	and in the intro cinematic for civ 5 : brave new world 
i hate these fucking threads .  people just say the name of a movie , do n't explain why at all and get a million upvotes . 	and it 's never an actually overrated movie . it 's always bad movies that everyone hates . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	and to listen to her sing moon river on her window sill . 
because fast and furious movies got better instead of worse and every installment bought something new and different while rocky was pretty much doing the same shit non stop . 	no they just went from being about illegal street racers to call of duty . 
gone with the wind . it was a 6 hour long saga of one stupid bitch who ruins everything . 	til they interviewed 1400 women for the part of scarlett . goddamn ! 
lol inaccuracies . it 's one of the most accurate science fiction film in years . real astronauts and nasa staff have praised the film for how realistically it portrays movement in zero g . 	except for the fucking fact that she was riding a space station through reentry . 
he also included the correct nighttime sky in the remastered version when neil degrasse tyson called him out on it being incorrect in the original . 	james cameron knew it was incorrect at the time , that it was a new moon that night . he did it deliberately because otherwise the scene would n't have been bright enough to see . 
pulp fiction . sorry . 	agreed , there was no real plot , just mindless dialogue . the whole thing felt like watching someone talk to themselves for 2 hours . 
because fast and furious movies got better instead of worse and every installment bought something new and different while rocky was pretty much doing the same shit non stop . 	except for the fourth installation , that was a terrible movie from start to finish . but 5 and 6 i think were my favorite . 
call it dancing with wolves in space , it sounds much more badass 	call it the last dancing samurai wolf in space , it sounds much more badass . 
the godfather . now , i 'll admit , it 's a fantastic movie , but i do n't understand why so many people consider it the best movie of all time . 	you do n't understand the movie enough to know why it is the best movie of all time . i can watch it everyday and learn something new from the film each time . 
i think the point of the movie is you 're supposed to feel awkward and uncomfortable . the movie makes you feel how napoleon does : awkward and isolated . 	wow . i felt like napoleon did n't know he was awkward and isolated and the movie was about loving life even if uncle rico is eating all your steak . 
it makes me happy to know my wife and i are not the only people watching this show . 	i feel the same way ! i 'm the only person i know that watches it . 
i 'm of the opinion that had heath not died , no one would give a shit about this film . it had terrible pacing and story issues over the last 45 minutes . 	yeah , i hate to agree , but i have to . the final act of the movie feels so disconnected from the rest of it . 
fast five does not feature a single race . 	yes it does . when they get the cop cars . 
inception felt like a mediocre action movie with an over - complicated back story to me 	the over - complicated back story is the whole point of inception , so yeah , if you were expecting an action movie i can see why you 'd be disappointed . 
i 've still never seen this , i always think of the film about car crash sex . 	to be fair , the sucky crash makes a better first date movie . ask me how i know . 
she kept a bus going over 55 mph for like an hour . i think she can handle calculating a little bit of orbital dynamics in her head while flying through space with a jetpack . 	yeah that bus obviously made the gap , i do n't know what this guy is smoking . 
at least you had some nice time with your lady at joe 's . 	true ! it was a busy weekend night , and we sat at a big table with a bunch of other people . that was fun . thanks for that . 
any superhero movie . 	but this time it has an obscure super hero that no one heard of and i can act legit like this obscure super hero was always my favorite ! 
is it watchable ? i watched a star wars prequel fan edit that was more of an experiment to show that the prequels could have been trimmed down , and it was n't a particularly enjoyable watch . 	honestly it 's pretty much how the movie should have been made . i did n't think that the end had too much of a gap to deal with , but it followed the books as well as it could 
phil , i thought you said your favorite movie was the godfather . 	it makes me happy to know my wife and i are not the only people watching this show . 
i 've still never seen this , i always think of the film about car crash sex . 	it 's on netflix . go watch it . it 's really good . one of my favorite movies of all time . 
oh no girl , she killed it in selena 	and enough - i like that movie a lot 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	40 years i 've been asking permission to piss . i ca n't squeeze a drop without say so . 
i 've still never seen this , i always think of the film about car crash sex . 	the one where the guy looks like he 's fucking the open sores on the main girl 's leg ? yeah , that movie was all sorts of fucked . 
the dark knight rises . i tried , man . i watched it 3 times , thinking i was missing something . but it got worse every time i watched . 	bane : so , you came back to die with your city .  batman : no . i came back to stop you .   
anchorman . funny , but not a classic comedy . 	it might not be the most fun comedy to watch , but it 's far and away the best comedy to quote . 
it 's to build dramatic tension . 	it built higher levels of melatonin in my bloodstream , that 's about it . 
i do n't think it 's the best movie ever , but i think it was far better than just good . 	yeah , say what you want about its depth or what not , it 's the best experience i 've ever had at the theater . 
the boondock saints .  it 's hard to say its overrated since in terms of box office it did n't even register . but its cult following is unwarranted . 	i could not agree more . growing up on the south side of chicago , i feel like it was required for all of the irish kids to jerk off to boondock saints at least once a month . 
this film was fucking strange to me . it was 3 hours long , took 12 years of filming and i felt like nothing actually happened , but i still enjoyed it . i honestly ca n't explain it . 	life . 
the only marvel films i think were particularly good are the first iron man film and the avengers .  i expect the second avengers to be disappointing .   	the winter soldier is better than both of them .  the second avengers film will most likely be quite a bit better than the first one . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	one of the few movies i 've actually walked out of . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	whenever someone mentions crash i just think of the james spader one with the people who have car crash fetishes . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	i hate that movie . god awful . 
god 's not dead . it 's overrated by christians anyways . 	not all of them . i 'm a christian and i can comfortably say that movie sucked dick . 
have you seen the green mile ? 	no , did n't know it was a movie . i read the book a long time ago .   
the second one was especially bad for that . 	for me the third was the worst . it was a maybe 30 minute war scene stretched using dramatic pauses and slow mo into a full movie . 
on an unrelated note , why is my cursor a hashtag ? 	and why is it a circle when i hover over links ? 
my wife and i got in trouble for laughing out loud repeatedly in the theater . such a terrible script . such good effects . 	i always laugh out loud at the scene towards the end of the sinking , where the guy falls off the back of the ship and bounces off the propeller . i 'm a terrible person . 
birdman . that movie fucking sucked . 	i hated that movie so much . the pace of it gave me anxiety . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	i 've still never seen this , i always think of the film about car crash sex . 
i 've still never seen this , i always think of the film about car crash sex . 	i remember watching that as a kid . it 's where i learned that semen tasted salty . probably not a good movie for kids . 
i 'm half asian , and i thought that shit was hilarious . 	a lot of things are hilarious when you 're full alcoholic , though .   
maybe you should 've learned the delicate art of bashing a guys skull instead ! 	picked up boxing and judo in college . works better , but the horn still impresses them now 
i think the point of the movie is you 're supposed to feel awkward and uncomfortable . the movie makes you feel how napoleon does : awkward and isolated . 	that would explain why i hated it . if i wanted to feel that around the same time the movie came out , i 'd wait til the next school day . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	is n't that the purpose of any audrey hepburn movie ? she 's glorious . i do n't think breakfast at tiffany 's was ever meant to be anything but light pop entertainment with hotness . 
godfather , godfather , a million times godfather . what a slow - moving piece of shite .  you want a good gangster movie , watch goodfellas . 	came here to post this . godfather is good , but people put it on a pedestal and just is n't that great . 
at the very least , gyllenhaal deserved a nomination .  i was never a big fan of his acting , but he absolutely carried that movie . 	movie was incredible all around .  it 's insane that a movie with so little gore or violence shown can make you feel so grossed out . 
this film was fucking strange to me . it was 3 hours long , took 12 years of filming and i felt like nothing actually happened , but i still enjoyed it . i honestly ca n't explain it . 	i 'm the type of person to stop watching a movie halfway if i get bored , but that thought never even crossed my mind during boyhood despite how anticlimactic i feel like it was 
solo 's line was n't a gold standard for romance , but it added to a compelling character . 	i do n't think she 's questioning the line 's value to the movie . 
it beat out saving private ryan for best picture . i 'll never forgive it for that .  edit : or the thin red line . 	i feel the thin red line got beat on a lot because people who went to it went in expecting another saving private ryan . the film is amazing , the cinematography esp 
birdman . i think it 's a travesty whiplash did n't win best picture . 	i tried twice , birdman was boring as hell , i could n't finish the movie 
ah yes - another brilliant attention - whoring move from neil degrasse tyson . 	go black science man ! 
that movie was a mess . 	but it was a hot mess . you watch it with an odd mixed feeling of disbelief that such a clusterfuck could make it to the big screen , but deep down you know you enjoyed it while it lasted . 
i do n't know anyone who thought this was a good movie . 	i think mostly the hype got to me , which is why i am posting it in here . the most disappointing movie i 've ever seen . 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	i will argue at great lengths that shawshank redemption is the best movie ever made . 
apparently i 'm the only one who though that the whole taken series was horseshit 	i really liked the first movie , but as soon as i heard that there was a sequel , i knew that they were really trying to milk this one out . 
this film was fucking strange to me . it was 3 hours long , took 12 years of filming and i felt like nothing actually happened , but i still enjoyed it . i honestly ca n't explain it . 	it 's kinda like life . time goes by , nothing really happens . 
american sniper . if you are not an overly patriotic american that movie is utter garbage . 	i was all crying at the previews and then read that the guy killed a woman who had a baby in her arms and was like nope . do n't want . 
any superhero movie . 	one word : watchmen . there are maybe a dozen or so movies i could watch over and over again , and watchmen easily makes that list . that intro set to dylan is close to fuckin art . 
frozen actually had good music but let it go is one of the worst songs in the movie . it 's cheap , comes out of nowhere , and the melody is generic and bland . 	and now you understand top - 40 music . 
spaceballs - i 'm convinced that a lot of the love is nostalgia run wild . have you seen it lately ? if so , outside of a couple of solid joke and a game cast , why is the film so revered ? 	i love mel brooks but spaceballs was one of his least funny movies . 
the difference between a movie being accidentally terrible and terrible on purpose is the difference between accidentally and intentionally shitting yourself . 	i 'm going to go watch napoleon dynamite and intentionally shit my pants . 
avatar . because it was literally a benchmark for film effects . 	a 3 hour movie about space pocahontas . i fell asleep an hour and a half in 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	as a massive hepburn fan it really disappointed me . i could n't finish it . funny face or charade are much better . 
to be honest , the fake baby is the only reason i still want to see it 	you do n't even know . i thought it was animatronic at one point but it 's just cooper 's thumb moving the arm . 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	yeah me too . hanks was great in that . 
just like 12 years a slave , but i guess that also covered this year because selma did not get much and probably even a better movie even though i have not seen it . 	selma was an okay movie . i felt like gone girl deserved a nod over selma . 
anchorman . everybody raves about this film like it 's the pinnacle of comedy genius .  it 's meh . 	agreed . omg its will ferrell acting like he has in every other movie 
that 's quite kind 	wow . you are not a stupid person . well done sir . 
why do you think james cameron is a chode ? 	yeah , i do n't know much about him , but he seems like a pretty cool guy . has n't he done a lot for advancing cgi and even more for aquatic exploration ?  is he racist or something ? 
what 's the point of a movie if not for enjoyment ? 	i enjoyed watching the room , but that does n't mean its a good movie . 
what movie are you referencing ? 	one of the first films ever . it 's a short clip of a train coming towards the camera . you can see it in the movie hugo 
best part of the movie : bane 's magician voice . 	the dark knight rises is the best movie of the century because it showed us that even if you have a retarded voice you can still be pretty scary . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	try reading the book . it 's quite short and delightfully depressing . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	i spent the entire runtime of the movie wanting to slap holly . 
the dark knight . the actors and characters are amazing . but the film itself ? half an hour too long and the pacing is all over the place . 	so much stuff happens in that movie , and it does n't ever seem to slow down . but that 's why i love it . non stop action . 
fucking magnolia . i 'd rather take a sledgehammer to my own testicles than watch that piece of shit again . 	really hated every single thing about this movie . what an over the top pos . 
anchorman . everybody raves about this film like it 's the pinnacle of comedy genius .  it 's meh . 	i do n't get will ferrell . i liked him in old school , but seems like his just will ferrell in all the movies . 
oh no girl , she killed it in selena 	 and she was pretty good in the cell too . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	it was a mediocre film with sub - par acting that played on sentiment and racial tension . i was pretty annoyed that it won best picture . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	i think i remember the film . 
the dark knight . the actors and characters are amazing . but the film itself ? half an hour too long and the pacing is all over the place . 	how can the characters are no where near amazing . nolan makes it a point to make his characters as one - dimension and boring as possible . 
i think the point is it does n't work for either . 	obviously it does if the keep making them . 
dumbest movie ever ! 	first time i hated it , second time i loved it . its one of those films you have to watch twice . trust me . 
the big lebowski - extremely boring movie with shitty characters , i do n't know why reddit praises it . 	that 's just like , your opinion , man . 
nope , i thought the movie was quite lame . not my cup of tea , at all . 	thank you . i could n't finish watching that movie . 
hey , i got a solid handjob during titanic as a teenager , so there 's that . 	yea , i would watch the movie for that . but only if i can leave as soon as the deed is over ! 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	i rented it once . i watched five minutes , i could n't get past the opening scene .  so fucking pretentious . 
i loved the movie up until the last half hour . it went from totally believable to pants on head retarded in a matter of minutes . 	they blew it in the end , i thought ending will add some sense to the movie but it was other way around 
teenage girls like to sing a popular song from a popular movie ? what is the world coming to ? 	i work at a bar . this song was played nightly for well over a year at this bar . the most popular bar in the city by far . it was really weird . 
please elaborate , i 'm intrigued as this is one of my favorite movies 	i thought seth rogen 's character in the film was a jerk 
it just changed from point break to karate kid to oceans 11 . 	at least theyre ripping off great movies . 
i think this is the first time i 've ever seen a proper mla citation on reddit .  edit : apparently it is n't properly formatted and apparently mla sucks donkey dick 	that 's cause mla citation is shit . 
watchmen . all the interesting stuff is in the trailer . 	this film has me torn . at some points i could just marvel at its visual beauty , and the plot was really interesting too . but sometimes it felt like it was made by film students . 
48 fps and tons of cgi makes everything look like plastic . even an animated stone bridge looks like super - sized legos . 	it makes everything look more real . which is why it 's great for porn . 
i feel that way about most of tarantino 's movies . 	i 've always enjoyed tarantino 's movie but never really been overwhelmed by how good they are . except for inglorious basterds , that is one of my favorite movies of all time . 
oh no girl , she killed it in selena 	yes ! she was awesome in this movie . 
oh no girl , she killed it in selena 	when this movie is on my whole family must stop what we 're doing on watch . it is tradition . 
i hate these fucking threads .  people just say the name of a movie , do n't explain why at all and get a million upvotes . 	i 'm not familiar with this movie . can you give a summary of it ? that title is horrible , though . 
how can you think old school is hilarious and not get a single laugh out of anchorman ? while i do like old school more , they were both chalked full of dumb humor . 	i think anchorman was trying too hard in going for the 70s parody . the only scene i laughed at was hitting the filling cabinet , and that was only in the previews , did n't make it to the film . 
this film was fucking strange to me . it was 3 hours long , took 12 years of filming and i felt like nothing actually happened , but i still enjoyed it . i honestly ca n't explain it . 	it 's like all the neat moments that would have no business being in a film with a point and traditional plot . i love it , it was relaxing and nostalgic 
how to train your dragon is my favorite animated movie of all time , i definitely understand what you are saying . 	how to train your dragon 2 is way better to me , that scene with the alpha and toothless man . 
the big lebowski . i have tried . i just do n't get it . 	that 's just like you 're opinion , man . 
funny how ludacris 's 's 's 's character went from bridge operator to full blown hacker , through the movies . 	clearly it 's character development ! how shitty would it be if he just moved bridges for every movie ? 
teenage girls like to sing a popular song from a popular movie ? what is the world coming to ? 	that 's not what he 's saying at all . stop oversimplifying his or her comment in an attempt to make him or her sound stupid . 
forrest gump . the fact that it beat out both shawshank and pulp fiction is a joke . 	shawshank ? now there 's some overrated movie for you ! 
this film was fucking strange to me . it was 3 hours long , took 12 years of filming and i felt like nothing actually happened , but i still enjoyed it . i honestly ca n't explain it . 	i liked it , but i was raised in a broken home so i can relate . it might be weird if you grew up with your mom and dad and shit never really hit the fan . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	i just watched it the other day for the first time and i actively hated her character . i almost threw my remote out the window when she chucked cat out in the rain . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	man i really hated that movie ! ! 
teenage girls like to sing a popular song from a popular movie ? what is the world coming to ? 	the movie was n't targeted to high school girls though . its like having a bunch of 13 year olds singing blues clues because it was popular . its silly and annoying 
i keep thinking i 'm not a deep enough film geek to appreciate what birdman is . 	except if you 're a real lover of film you can easily see there is nothing below the surface with bird man , and there are much more beautiful and affecting stories out there 
once again , the book is much better and more interesting . i wish hollywood would n't adapt stories just to change them completely . 	agreed ! book was much better , although not as charming , which was the style of popular movies of the time . if you ask me , they should have held off on adapting it at least . 
so ignore the plot ? seems easy enough . 	han was the best thing that came out of that movie . 
hey ! fuck you and your shit ! 	yeah , get outta here ! 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	april fools day is tomorrow . tomorrow , you fuck ! 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	loved it . one of the best movies i 've seen in the last few years .  but i completely understand what you are saying and why you are saying it . 
i feel like most people i know loved django unchained way more than i did . 	i just found it an enjoyable movie to watch with people . it 's fast paced and action packed but has some deeper moments as well . 
well , some movie has to be the highest rated so it might as well be shawshank redemption . 	it might as well not be a mediocre film . 
this is my least favorite super hero movie . it felt like it was trying to reach a point but never really did . 	the moral is that in order for the world to get along , all of earth has to share an enemy . in the movie it 's dr . manhattan , in the book it 's a vagina monster . 
the dark knight . the actors and characters are amazing . but the film itself ? half an hour too long and the pacing is all over the place . 	in other words , it 's a christopher nolan movie . 
bridesmaids was fucking hilarious . 	i did n't find it funny at all . i thought it was utter shit . why is that ? how can something make you laugh , but make me uncomfortable ? people are weird , yo . 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	i was about to say , fuck you .  good job brah . 
here on the internet , the shawshank redemption is the most overrated film . it 's good , sure , but not best - film - ever - made good . 	i consider it the best ever mostly because so many people think its great . while my top list of movies is different than anyone elses , most people still have this movie near the top . 
fight club i saw it recently and do n't see why everyone is obsessed with it . it was an average film . 	you must 've watched it at a very strange time in your life 
straight up ? she thought he was dead . 	yeah she thought , then realized her fuckup when she found out he was in fact alive . 
crash . how did that win an oscar ? total overblown bullshit . that movie tried so hard it almost became a satire of itself . just total crap . 	what did it win an oscar for ? i like it but i did n't know it won an oscar for anything . 
i hate these fucking threads .  people just say the name of a movie , do n't explain why at all and get a million upvotes . 	yeah , people just like to bitch for the most part . look , even we 're doing it . some of the movies listed are great , but we 're all just giving our meaningless opinions . 
that movie where the train comes right at the screen . that movie sucked . 	so people are aware , the audience did not actually think the train was coming at them , like hugo showed . they all gasped because they had never seen a picture move before . 
i 'm going to be that guy and say i actually liked thor and thor 2 . like , i feel thor 's movies are pretty underrated .  i also feel like i am the only one who holds this opinion . 	i 'll be that guy and agree with you . i thought they did a really great job with both of them . 
why would n't you compare them to lotr ? same universe , same director , and the hobbit had three times the budget . 	the hobbit was a kid 's book written as a bedtime story . the lord of the rings was not . 
shawshank redemption . just kidding . that film is fucking amazing . 	i actually do n't get the hype surrounding this movie . can anyone explain what was so good about it ? 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	whole point of the movie . 
it beat out saving private ryan for best picture . i 'll never forgive it for that .  edit : or the thin red line . 	beating out saving private ryan would be a sin . but thin red line ? fuck that shit . that was a pretentious load of shit . 
because fast and furious movies got better instead of worse and every installment bought something new and different while rocky was pretty much doing the same shit non stop . 	four , five and six were each better than the one before . nothing wrong with a movie that is just a lot of fun to watch . 
if it were n't for this movie interstellar would 've been called gravity . 	and it wholly deserved the title , much more than the gravity we got . 
breakfast at tiffany 's ! the storyline just is n't very interesting at all and the only reason anyone should watch it is to eye up hepburn . 	actually watching the movie made me like the song less . 
yeah it was a solid movie and all . not great , but solid . but the hype was unstoppable with the years of buildup . 	just hearing james spader as the villain in the upcoming film will give me a boner for the day and will make it superior to the 1st avengers . 
i hate these fucking threads .  people just say the name of a movie , do n't explain why at all and get a million upvotes . 	that 's a strange title for a movie and an even stranger plot . is it on netflix ? 
modern day audiences ca n't grasp movies like rocky because we 're all so used to action and explosions and cgi whereas rocky is all about the dialogue and the story . 	tbh that can apply to half the comments here . 
dumb and dumber . i 've tried , i really have , it 's not a watchable movie . 	i refuse to watch it . 
honestly i was watching always sunny a lot , and it was super funny , but i just got bored . the characters are horrible people and i found myself not caring what shenanigans they got into next . 	it 's just the same thing over and over again , after the third or fourth season i stopped watching at all , and even to that point it kind of became a chore .   
the big lebowski . maybe it 's not my kind of humor but i seriously did n't think any of that movie was funny . 	sure , sequels are never as good as the first movie . you should watch the big lebowski though , it 's a lot better . 
i 'm curious . what disney movie would you say is more overrated ? 	the lion king . i 've watched many disney films but i could never see why this one was so popular , besides the great film score . 
this used to happen on my old pc after loading a bunch of maps . i believe it 's a memory issue . 	ohhhh , i think i know the source of my problems . 
you should read the calling , may change your opinion . 	came here to say this . my opinion of the architect took a complete 180 once i understood the implications of his full vision . 
you should read the calling , may change your opinion . 	the calling is a book ? i only played the games , i did n't go after other materials and stuff . 
thanks ! is there anything i can do to avoid injuries in every game ?  also are there any other tips i should know ? 	do n't hold down turbo the whole time , do call timeouts , do n't play them more than about 30 minutes . i rarely ever get injuries . 
do n't hold down turbo the whole time , do call timeouts , do n't play them more than about 30 minutes . i rarely ever get injuries . 	yup . same here . when calling timeouts , make sure you keep track of each player 's fatigue . i never let any any of my players lose more than 1 bar or segment of their fatigue meter 
vintage . activating bazaar of baghdad is really fun . 	however , in legacy you get to play 4 lion 's eye diamond . that 's something , right ? 
no , it 's actually people who draw things and post them on the internet that create things like polandball . but keep believing that you 're important enough to ruin internet memes . 	seriously , would you just stop being so abrasive . 
have you tried curling them again after mascara . i find if you let it go tacky and gently curl again they stay . the mascara dries as a glue to keep it in shape . 	a lot of people end up ripping their lashes out doing that , it 's not recommended . 
but it 's against god ! we must continue the cycle of suffering in the name of the lord . 	religion is n't the only issue . often times , in poor countries , parents will keep having children until they get a male child who can take care of them when they 're elderly . 
a large part of it is that a lot of people with faith automatically identify with the majority religion of their country , even if it is n't something they actually believe in . 	yeah , and a large percentage of people who identify with some religion do n't actually really believe it or take it seriously . 
and , thankfully , that number continues to climb . for the sake of our entire existence , i hope that it 's not too late . 	the research says the actual numbers of people will increase , but percentage wise of the world population it will drop . 
this post was sandwiched between one about isis 's latest atrocities and one about mormons killing over a hundred innocent travelers . 	link to the second post ?  edit : was on til . just found it . 
these numbers seem pretty low to me for the whole world . 	the world is really fucking small . your morning commute is easily visible from space . 
alright , so i see i must rephrase my question .  this question might piss you off xd .  but given you had to make a prediction of truth , what would you choose ? 	if i absolutely had to make a prediction i 'd say there is no god . but i would n't otherwise make this claim . 
ah , the lowest form of arguement . 	they 're no less believable than real life zombies like many are celebrating today . 
why do they even need that on your tag ? 	a lot of people want specific burial rituals based on their religion , so having it on your dog tags helps assure you get the right one . 
if you were to take the entirety of the middle east it would n't come up to 300m in population , so tell me how bad it really is .  you make them out to be a cancer , almost literally hitler .   	they seem to fuck up every country they have majority rule in . 
as an agnostic . i hate always being grouped in with those bloody arrogant atheists . they can be just as pig - headed as the religious freaks . 	being an atheist is n't bad . being religious is n't bad . there is n't anything wrong with being atheist . both sides have there extremists . 
an unpopular opinion but how about we send condoms with aid packages to stop a lot of the poor countries unsustainable growth . africa also needs to slow the fuck down . 	but it 's against god ! we must continue the cycle of suffering in the name of the lord . 
i disagree . scumbag christians who spread religion by the sword across the entire world for the last 500 years appear to be bigger bastards from what i can tell . 	last 500 years ? maybe 500 years ago . 
i would say that islam 's bastard - normal ratio is way higher than any other religion . 	i disagree . scumbag christians who spread religion by the sword across the entire world for the last 500 years appear to be bigger bastards from what i can tell . 
not a fan of islam . i 've known muslims that were fine and i 've known muslims that are barbaric bastards . i would rather there just be no islam . 	that same thing can be said of every religion out there and for atheists as well . a truly small minded comment . 
when was is un - defaulted . 2 years ago ? feels like a long time and i 'm glad it was shoved back in its hole . 	i used to spend every day there . though there 's a lot of shit trolling , i did end up learning a ton from the subreddit . 
i 'm on lunch break and i 'm making brats 	i heard they get cooked the best in a human anus . try and post result 
they lie to get a role they want . these people , they 're nowhere near smurf level good . 	and u say that cause the syndra only won 18 games with nidalee and lost 0 ? 
i cant remember a single game where i get carried . i won games cause of the whole team or cause i get fed or something 	you 're saying you 've never been carried by one person but you yourself have carried games single handedly , what league are you in ? 
fun ? i dont think its fun for the enemy team to get rekt from a smurf and u can play other roles on ur main account too ? 	never said its fun for enemy team , its fun for me , thats all i care about , its a video game . 
you 're saying you 've never been carried by one person but you yourself have carried games single handedly , what league are you in ? 	try to read it again . i said never get carried and i said i won cause i carried or my team played well overall . 
i want to have fun , and also get more accounts in high elo , for example on a diffrent role than my main . 	fun ? i dont think its fun for the enemy team to get rekt from a smurf and u can play other roles on ur main account too ? 
yeah u dont tell them but u probably play better then anyone .  if u want to play with friends play normals and dont help them climb and let the enemy just loose cause u smurf . 	not really , there isnt that big a skill gap from gold to diamond . just bad decisions . 
i bet the cops got a good chuckle over both of those upstanding citizens . i know i did . 	i bet he wanted to put a bullet in his head during the whole ordeal . 
i can fly , 	i believe i can touch the sky . 
in ai battles , the human just watches the ai battle . the human does n't participate . 	ah ok . thanks . 
i 'm new to civ 5 and this sub . can someone explain what these ai battles are ? 	in ai battles , the human just watches the ai battle . the human does n't participate . 
desmond is the ss , he gets priority . he called uggla off , ca n't blame dan on that one 	that 's true . when it happened i assumed that uggla lost it in the sun . 
had no idea it was that cheap , was just looking for something that i could listen to for the like 50 mins i 'm still at work . also , i already pay for stupid cable . 	at bat is n't the tv portion . it 's only the radio broadcasts . i travel for work , and use it on the road and when i 'm doing projects around the house . 
considering they put the clock on that picture , is the clock even running this year ? i know it was n't going last year . 	sitting night next to it . there ai n't even hands on it . the clock has accepted it 's fate . 
for those of us watching on espn , how do you guys feel about the pitch box ? i personally do not like it . 	saw it last night . nobody liked it . 
i got called into a meeting when it was 1 - 0 nats , now i see 3 - 1 and a lot of desmond hate . can someone give me the tl : dr of what desmond did ? 	he basically gave up 3 runs . 
does n't that mean our pitching gets rocked ? or does uggla cycle twice when we bat through the order eight times in the 16th ? 	i was thinking it would be like a 5 - 5 game in the 16th 
i had some flashbacks to a similar uggla play that won us a game over atlanta . i guess the shoe is on the other foot now . 	this one was n't uggla 's fault . he had that ball and desi called him off . 
fucking comcast making me miss the first hit of the season . 	fuck comcast ! 
hey guys ! sorry i 've been watching the dodgers game . just saw the harper bomb ! no worries , we can still get a curly w today ! 	i 've been watching that game , too while listening to the nats . hell of a catch by joc right there . great game so far . 
it 's like every april we have to play shitty defense until we clean it up . particularly ian . just once i 'd like us to start off crisp . 	it 's the first game , let 's just chill for a bit . 
how long is rendon supposed to be out ? 	best case scenario is 3 weeks , i would say more likely at least a month to be safe . there 's no surgery necessary so he just needs rest 
soooo that counts as an error not a hit right ? 	correct . 
guys , we were down to the met 's last year on opening day , and came back to win it . let 's not jump off the bridge , yet . 	i like the cut of your jib .  enjoy your new username flair in here . 
he worked into the ab this time around .  but ian is becoming more two true outcomes 	as bob and fp mentioned , desi seems to pick it up around may and definitely into the summer . slow start sometimes but once he gets locked in its excellent 
that would be pleasant . although you know he 'll be swinging for the fences . low and away sliders the whole at bat . 	it 's sad that at this point even the fans know how to get desi out . 
wow . espn . com 's headline . fuck them . 	i would much rather they just shut the fuck up about us right now . 
would n't be surprised if scherzer finished this game out . 	kinda early to talk about a complete game . do n't wanna push anybody to their limits in april . 
it 's like every april we have to play shitty defense until we clean it up . particularly ian . just once i 'd like us to start off crisp . 	it 's almost like they need some training games , maybe a month or two , before they start the season . 
looks like we are n't going to live up to expectations . biggest bust in the league . fire williams . sell the team . when does football season start ? 	fuck it ima rage quit baseball and start watching the premier league or some shit . 
i live out of market . so since i can watch the game on tv instead of my computer today , i 'm doing just that . 	totally fair . is picking up mlb tv an option for you ? i know its wicked expensive , but it can be worth it over the length of the season . 
same boat . i might watch tsn for the heck of it . 	that 's what i am doing . the other option was to watch the mets sny stream , i would n't be able to go through that . 
i have a bad feeling dan uggla is going to do serious damage today . things like that tend to happen to us mets fans . 	no one likes to get beat by the uggla stick . 
mets opened up citi field for a watch party . there 's a bouncy castle here ! 	you guys got a win and a bouncy castle ! shit . opening day really is magic . 
is anyone else disappointed with ian desmond 's play today ? 	he looks like he has no idea what he 's doing today on either side of the ball 
he 's actually a pretty good guy . 	he 's definitely going to end up on mlb network or something when his playing days are over . dude has charisma . 
oh my , that 's a long way away ! did you have any photos that gave a clue as to how you ended up there ? 	i had pictures of me being asleep in a bar in munich train station , and then a train ticket to budapest 
in survival mode on multiplayer , players will spawn within 20 blocks of the spawn point . only way to get them to spawn exactly on the spawn point is if they are in adventure mode . 	so you could set the default gamemode to adventure , and spawn them on a command block which sets their gamemode to survival ? 
whats the urgency ? why the big push to get someone else in there ?   	no rush . lets have nominations again . are we short on mods ? 
clever ending . excellent spin on depression . i love the bit about closing any open doors as well . i can relate . 	thanks my goal was to make it relatable to those who might feel the same way . 
great poem . are the closing doors you trying to leave everything behind or obstacles of normal life ? 	the hallway is life . the doors are opportunities that life presents . the depressed man closes them , believing himself incapable of living up to life 's expectations . 
class build , stats , etc 	he told you . human noble ! 
my mom did this when my dad divorced her . fucking bitch . 	fuck . divorce is already rough enough without bringing crazy into it . how 'd it turn out ? 
this is easy , punch her in the face and tell the cops she did it 	facebook up , hit the lawyer , delete the gym . 
i spent 4 months in jail , lost my job , and ended up pleading guilty of a lesser charge over a situation like this . leave now and never look back . it will ruin your life . 	was the jail time hard ? what was it like ? were you with a bunch of other inmates who had minor charges ? 
did you tell her - go ahead , knock yourself out ? 	talk about a punch - line 
get a recorder . after my soon to be ex wife called the cops on me for no reason i started recording all our conversations . just make sure you are in a state with single party consent . 	you can get away with it in some states if you have a reason to fear the other person . 
yay story time ? 	short version ? he broke his arms . 
this is easy , punch her in the face and tell the cops she did it 	or punch a cop in the face and tell her that he did it . 
whats the best way to not get arrested when falsely accused for something like that ? 	at that point there is n't much you can do so i would just punch her . might as well . 
because i recognize the truth of a movement that has devolved into attacking men to strengthen the position of women ? that 's not equality , that 's sexist . 	dude , no ? that 's not what feminism is about at all . 
so your dad got off ? did his ex get in any trouble for lying ? 	doubt it . 
what do you mean it 's a hidden photo ? 	just buried in another sub that you have n't readily posted to . absolutely amazing photo ! 
i 'm already 23 . do you think i 'll change that much in some years ?  i 've saved it . 	actually , maturity and development reach their peak at 25 , so yeah , you will change . 
bane destroyed the bridges ? 	well effectively but completely controlling them and cutting movement to the outside world . though the police actually destroy the bridge in the end 
tell me , do you think you can get a lightbulb screwed in faster by having 10 people work on it ? 	this is n't a lightbulb . this is game development . 
the real crime here is that hat . 	he is the whitest white person i have ever seen other than the one in my mirror . 
he is the whitest white person i have ever seen other than the one in my mirror . 	what . no way ! yo ! what the fuck man ! yo ! 
oh man it hurts to watch . 	do n't feel too bad for him . the guy is a youtube clickbait spammer , and makes a habit of not giving credit to his sources . 
proof that x is a musical genius . 	ehhhh the song is barely changed and it just has a few edm cliches sprinkled on . 
we 've seen ex 's soft side in a few songs now . 	that girl is one of my fav tunes ever . 
you 're too sweet . my last attempt was a pretty big fail , so i was determined after that one : p 	it looks great ! 
dr quarters went missing a few weeks ago . this would fit in with and explain his disappearance . 	i tried to tell all of you guys here , if i up and disappear , it is more than likely health .  i have something set up to identify if i am arrested 
depends more on gpu anyways . 	its a laptop , he probably only has the integrated - gpu on the cpu . 
sit down salt boy , you do n't know op guns till you get sniped by hawkmoon 	right ? you think tlw is bad ? wait until you all get a taste of the hawkmoon . i am on ps4 and do not own one , but my god does it slay in pvp . 
i call bullshit . i enjoy my tlw but if i ever got hawkmoon i 'd run it over tlw no doubt lol 	if you want range sure but in close to mid range tlw is king , especially if you hip - fire . 
which is exactly why it 's op and considering it has the glitch where you can start firing off the hip to zoom in for the insta - kills 	yeah it crits for 111 or 112 occasionally , and i think most agree that 's the bonus damage from hip fire being applied to ads shots . just like you said . 
i call bullshit . i enjoy my tlw but if i ever got hawkmoon i 'd run it over tlw no doubt lol 	well since bungie is a bunch of corporate sell outs i would n't know , i play on the 360 
well since bungie is a bunch of corporate sell outs i would n't know , i play on the 360 	sit down salt boy , you do n't know op guns till you get sniped by hawkmoon 
lmao just because i tell you tlw is super op does n't mean i am salty . i am just right . 	it 's not what you said , its how you said it . salt - tastic ! 
so , apple should just let the high - end retailers handle their clientele and apple should just focus on offering high quality tech to everyone . got it . i retract my earlier comment . 	i 'm not sure if you are being sarcastic or not , but i do n't even care really about this watch stuff it it remains as is . i just do n't want this to expand in any way . 
he only has to adhere to his own old white man ways . 	there 's nothing old white man about him .  source : work for old white men . 
if you go into the store , no lines and dedicated call support . 	with an appointment , there 's no line regardless , and they 're not doing in - store pickup . 
they started adding dining seating so they could sell beer under pennsylvania 's alcohol laws . 	i 'm in pa . every sheetz i 've been in has indoor seating including a sweet big screen tv . 
i could n't even see the pass , i love how the team stood off him and dared him to make the pass , then boom 	watching the three defenders infront of ozil is hilarious . they just stand there , all watch the ball go over their heads , continue standing there , and watch alexis score on them . 
how does it show that ? 	wow , i meant to post that in the post match thread . i 'm an idiot . 
titans are always trying to cut the distance between you though . you almost never get more than one shot off on a titan . 	that 's why i ruin cluster rockets , 40mm , and smoke . allows you to force titans out of closing the distance between you while hitting crits with the 40mm . 
i 'm more or less looking for a titan weapon with high titan dps that 's slightly effective against human targets . 	have you tried the quad rocket with rapid fire yet ? massive destruction . just make sure to not damage yourself 
please tell me this can be fixed , i do n't want the most handsome man in world rugby missing a tooth . 	i think he said it was a fake tooth that came out , explains the lack of blood 
i think he said it was a fake tooth that came out , explains the lack of blood 	my old coach was missing most of his top front teeth . had a special mouth guard and everything . then he also had a special set of fake teeth to put in for normal life . 
thanks a lot for telling me this ! does it crash on launch ? 	it was crashing right after i hit play from the slash screen .  i 've updated to 8 . 3 and it solved the issue .   
! the live action series is 10 times better than anime . the acting is so perfect . so maybe try the live action . it 's an epic adaptation . 	i will when i get some free time . thanks for the recommendation . 
damn . all right then .  to be fair if i was an amazon slave i would purposely break shit . that 's gotta be one of the worst jobs in the country . 	why would you fuck over some random guy 's package because you do n't like who you work for ? 
that 's too funny . if i was holding a taylor swift album that 's the exact expression i 'd have on my face . 	i wish i had a band of haters that followed me around just to down vote me like you . 
haha , no my engi 's a human 	dang it , it would have been so funny ! wish i knew the answer to your query , but i 'm too laid back and casual for that . i just play whatever feels fun 
went to the cannabis cup in denver this past weekend and saw this company handing out promo flyers . what do you think ents ? 	i 'd give it a shot . why now ? seems chill . 
do you really need to rest a weak every month ? that 's a little much . i would understand every 12 weeks or so , but every month seems a little much . 	yeah , maybe he meant one day every week ? 
do we even want them to ascend farther ? do we want our craftsman to become cogs in the industrial machine ? how high can you fly before you run out of oxygen ?   	high enough so that you have something to eat while only making mods for the community to enjoy . 
yeah , assholes , wanting to get paid for creating stuff we download and greatly enjoy regularly . just like those piece of shit musicians . 	i was n't saying it was wrong , i was just commenting on it . i 'm personally okay with it , its part of the essential freedom of software to be able to sell it . 
modders need our help to evolve to greater status , they can ascend further if we can help them .   	do we even want them to ascend farther ? do we want our craftsman to become cogs in the industrial machine ? how high can you fly before you run out of oxygen ?   
yeah its not just gonna die . but hey people i guess want modding to be a day job now . 	yeah , assholes , wanting to get paid for creating stuff we download and greatly enjoy regularly . just like those piece of shit musicians . 
yes .  but still .  it 's weird , creepy and looking back at it an thinking about it , cringey as fuck .  and also , people do n't worship rngesus 	i do n't worship rngesus , i bow before his power and beg for mercy . 
people forgot that gaben as a god was a joke . 	it started as a joke , but for a lot of people it became real . like that dude who got gaben bed sheets . 
what the fuck is wrong with the dual shock 3 controller ? that 's the best controller there is . 	ds3 is good , ds4 is better imo . the touch pad actually controls the pc mouse cursor . 
they should n't have done this in the first place . it shows they do n't care and just want to squeeze us for more money . plus they basically said they 'll try it again . 	except was that really the intent ? the amount of money steam would have made from this would probably be insignificant in the long run . 
it was one game out of thousands . it was very small . 	small experiment with large impact . imagine if they 'd done it for several games . they 'd have gotten so many emails it would have seemed like a ddos attack . 
i think modding has been rather underwhelming compared to what it could be . how many great mods simply stopped because the dev got tired of supporting it ? 	you have no idea what you are talking about . modding is and will continue to be amazing regardless of modder income . 
how do they fit ? they only have a half size too big in my size . 	tts for me . i 'm sure half size down would n't be an issue as well . 
where did you get these ? i felt like i missed out after seeing pictures and do n't know if any us stores still have them 	suede - store . com 
i 'm a trail runner and i do n't use that as an excuse to drink a lot of beer and smoke weed . 	it was a joke . i 'd still probably smoke weed just road running . and drink , i do n't know , wine i guess ? 
i was going on and on about split shorts yesterday until i realized it was to a non - runner who had zoned out entirely and probably thinks i 'm nuts now . 	i run in short shorts but have never tried split shorts , are they something amazing that i just have to try ? 
that 's honestly one of my favorite parts of running is always being hungry . you really get your moneys worth at buffets ! 	i go for runs before large family holiday gatherings specifically to be able to eat more food later . 
my alcohol tolerance dropped very significantly and very quickly . i 'm now a cheaper date than my wife . 	i had three beers the other night , and i woke up the next morning feeling like i had just been on a college bender . i like beer a lot , but i 'm a one - and - done kind of guy these days . 
that 's something i do need to work on - incorporating strength training into my exercise routine . i hate it ! 	try yelling excessively and slamming the weights . 
ditto , it sucks when it 's almost bed time , you 're full , and realize you 're still hundreds of calories short for the day . 	i have n't got a calorie target i just feel hungry all the time when i know i 've had enough .  this must be how fat people feel . eating all the food . 
i run specifically so i can drink and not get fat . i run for beer . 	i did so too . then i stopped drinking and kept running . went from bmi 25 to 21 in 4 months . 
try running the table . 	directions unclear : kicked out of bar for running on pool table . 
i ate a lot better and more often , and with the abs i do i 've developed a really nice 6 pack , despite me being very skinny 	six packs are , despite what a lot of lifters believe , more about having a low body fat percentage than a high muscle one . 
do you have smoke and then run ? i 've done it a couple times , i just wanted to hear about your experiences . 	how was it for you ? i 've actually thought about doing that but worried about losing steam or having trouble breathing . right now smoking after is a great way to recoup . 
i run specifically so i can drink and not get fat . i run for beer . 	if that ai n't motivation , i do n't know what is . 
op do n't be mad that your shit sucks , just try harder next time . 	i do n't really care , i just find it amazing that people on reddit miss the point so often . i worry about societies future . 
if adults had the kind of hearts kids do , the world would be much better off 	if adults had the kind of hearts kids do , we would all die of small hearts . 
if adults had the kind of hearts kids do , the world would be much better off 	and nothing would get done .  we 'd all be playing in the sand , pulling suzy 's hair and poking at frogs .  it would be fucking awesome . 
lol faggot fuck off nobody gives a shit about your opinion . 	he said , on an internet forum the purpose of which is expressing opinions . 
i do n't upgrade everything every level . sometimes i would n't find an upgrade for a level 5 item until i was level 20 	yet you were able to level to lvl 20 with ease , so where is the problem exactly ? 
it 's more sad than funny . it 's basically stating that the people that work there are stupid so lets treat them like kids because they do n't know any better 	there would only be the sign there if some stupid ass burned himself and tried to sue . its retarded , but if that didnt happen most would think it is implied . 
i do n't think so because we are helping them spread their seeds . literally . they 're meant to be picked so that they may procreate . 	so if anything we 're giving the trees handjobs . 
agree with them . school sucks . glad they came to the realization early . 	fucking amen . 
that bagel store in picture 3 is n't much to look at on the inside , but they have fantastic egg sandwiches . 	man , living down south now and i do n't think there is anything i miss more than a ny style egg sandwich . 
badass pdw . how long did the form 1 take you ? 	this is an old sbr receiver . i have several stripped receivers that had form 1s done on them last year . 
i 'm in love with that stock . 	you wo n't be once you try to take down the rifle for cleaning . 
record rainfall with flooding , multiple violent tornadoes , and now tigers on the loose . it feels like the rapture in the okc metro . 	and earthquakes . the end times folks must be shitting their pants around there . 
is there an indicator of engine placement in - game ? i do n't remember , but i was just thinking i do n't exactly know the engine placement for some of the group b cars . 	yeah , when you go to garage , it 's the top line , it 'll also say like inline - 4 , or v6 . 
the nfl season cannot come fast enough . ready to see jones picking off bradford , rg3 and manning 	hard to get a pass off through when you 're getting sacked by gregory and company 
was n't he like lighting fast with brick hands or am i thinking of someone else ? 	he was voted fastest in the nfl for two years straight . . but could n't run routes or catch worth a crap 
not necessarily . if half the league has a bye week 8 and the other half week 9 , that takes care of it . just very limited games those two weeks , which could be a nice break . 	if they did it right it could work , and by that i mean make sure no one coming off a bye in week 9 is playing a team in week 10 that had theirs in week 8 . 
think he 'll shadow him all over the field ? 	too early to say but it would be great to see him run with dez once he shows for camp . 
i read today that he grew up a giants fan . i hope he makes it up to me by getting a couple picks vs them this year . 	oh god , i hope he never goes to the giants , especially if he turns out to be great . 
you know it ! all caps baby 	op held true , all is good in the world !   
i mean , they probably wo n't get the joke and it 's not super relevant towards stuff like ecology is it : p 	not unless we all write it . we must start a revolution ! 
relevant username forgot about the russian winter . 	russian winter so cold that people hide in fridges to stay warm . 
the sauna at my gym was out of order this morning . 	or they are busy cleaning it , why do they always clean it when i want to sauna ! 
not when they ca n't afford books . 	even when you ca n't afford books , paper cuts are n't partial to the poor . 
my office just ran out of creamer and i had to use milk . 	stop ! do you want to give me a heart attack ? 
it 's annoying because she 's always worn out by the time we get home . 	and getting in the back door can be a bit of a tight squeeze . 
i do n't get wifi in my bedroom 	yip , no wifi in the baby 's room , how can i be expected to breastfeed like that ? 
paper cuts hurts in africa too . 	not when they ca n't afford books . 
i bet no one 's gonna bring up any release dates for any upcoming albums in this thread . nope . 	surf 's gonna drop ten minutes from now . trust me , my dad works for nintendo . 
this song or chance in general ? and how so ? 	seen this guy play live twice and it was painful . 
this song or chance in general ? and how so ? 	seen this guy play live twice and it was painful . 
did you throw away your phone ? 	no , i still need it for messaging and calling and looking up places on google maps . 
if you find it to be a hassle , maybe change the time zone on your profile so that midnight lines up with when you usually go to sleep or something . 	as a note , this will break exercise tracking . 
not sure if i 'm a fan of this . i 'm all for it with regards to the grand final , but every round will become a little tedious . especially with some of the questionable maps in this game . 	with only 8 teams going i do n't think it will be tedious at all . 
is time to add another uplink map to the pool ? 	i 've been thinking about this as well . i wonder if retreat uplink would play well . 
a continuation would only happen if the teams from winners finals rematch in the grand final . 	i say just leave it . every team should have to be beaten twice to get eliminated . 
does this work on square watches too ? if not , could you make a square version ? it looks awesome !  edit : gave it a shot and it 's working on my sony smartwatch 3 , fyi . thanks much ! 	i 'll update it to fill the bottom of the screen tomorrow . 
uhm , this pic is wrong .  looks like some creepy sex tourist and she looks like a child . please remove this shit 	agreed ! the hand behind back with the remote control for the camera is a dead giveaway . looks like some dirty hotel room illegal sex 
that 's a huge accomplishment for him ! congrats . keep up the good days like this and you 'll be riding right alongside him next year . 	i hope so . i 'd like to train for the 50 mile route for next year . 
. 1 of a whole egg ? how ? 	1 egg for making a batch of 10 patties as stated in the op . 
you run a great show . i really enjoyed my first time last year and look forward again to this year . i 'll be in touch with tony shortly about some things . 	thanks ! it 's a lot of fun . i 'm so very excited for va coming up again , simply because it 's the biggest one , with the extra 5th day and oh so many games . 
i 'm sure somewhere , someone has to make snakes fight monkeys , 9 - 5 , monday to friday . 	i rather have this job than making dildos . 
do n't black widows pretty much kill ? 	no , it is very rare to die from a black widow bite unless you are a child or old as fuck . 
live shrieking mammals are being stuffed into boxes with vicious predators to be strangled or poisoned and digested while conscious , and it 's the snakes you 're worried about . 	snakes eating mice happens in nature , so no i 'm not concerned about it . 
a wall of unhappy snakes at that ! 	and you are basing this on your first hand knowledge of snake emotions ? they are fine . fucking peta idiots that do n't know shit about snakes in this post . 
that 's funny , every time i see a snake , of any sort , i mark it for death . 	snakes are actually really important and many are totally harmless to you or your pets . i know your probably joking but still .  edit : unless you have a pet mouse or rat . 
are they being fed live mice ? i would think a mouse running around in the cage would be adequate . 	the issue with live mice is the potential for them to harm the snakes . it does n't take much for a bite to become infected . usually considered not worth the risk . 
making sure they will actually eat it . 	versus just starve ? 
two cavemen meet a snake , the guy who does n't fuck with it lives long enough to reproduce , its perfectly healthy and normal to be afraid of species that can kill you . 	and of things that look like things that can kill you . or hurt like fuck . 
do cobras have thermal pits ? i know some vipers and pythons have them . 	i am no specialist but i do n't think they do . pit - vipers only have that , thus pit for the heat sensing pits under their eyes .  edit : pythons as well . 
definitely do n't think he did . i was actually sort of frustrated for him when he was struggling a bit to get the snake back in the box . 	my reaction watching it was like , c 'mon dude the mouse is right there . stop being a retard and take your food . 
you do n't mean your dick do you ? i got stuck holding some guy 's balls last week and i do n't care to repeat . 	you can give them back now . 
guy handled that shit like a pro . 	cool as the other side of the pillow . 
if the mice are n't moving alive the snake wo n't even try to eat it . like how a dog wo n't chase you unless you run . 	you can feed a snake dead meat if you warm it up and jiggle it about a bit .    source : many a night spent with a dead mouse in my armpit . 
it 's not quite nope yet until an earthquake hits and all the bins fall out . 	twist : the wall is on an airplane . 
welcome to america mother fucker ! 	the internet is n't america . english is n't america . welcome to common sense . 
yes , of course , why do n't we just put the fucking robots in charge of the fucking snakes , let 's just do that , that sounds like a great idea 	robot snakes . 
it 's good to see this movie still being quoted . 	its good to enjoy those increasingly rare dopamine rushes that you feel when you can observe that your entertainment preferences are culturally still relevant . 
maybe his skills only work well with snakes . like , in the morning he opens his dresser drawer with a stick , then drops a sock and pokes it around for a while before getting in on . 	he gets really distraught when his infant son wo n't eat a dead mouse 
i am no specialist but i do n't think they do . pit - vipers only have that , thus pit for the heat sensing pits under their eyes .  edit : pythons as well . 	well pythons have them as well . i was genuinely curious if cobras also have them in some form . 
if i saw a snake in australia i would probably shit myself then proceed to throw up while running the other direction . 	and that 's how you get bitten . standing still while it hangs out on your feet is surprisingly safer . 
it 's not quite nope yet until an earthquake hits and all the bins fall out . 	i was on edge , positive that this was going to be the ending . 
is there a reason why he waits for the snakes to bite the mice instead of just throwing them inside and putting the bin back right after ? 	making sure they will actually eat it . 
do you not trust robots or something ? 	that 's the kind of question a robot would ask 
what are plastic gloves going to do against those pissed off snakes ? 	making sure his hands do n't smell like snake food . 
yes , of course , why do n't we just put the fucking robots in charge of the fucking snakes , let 's just do that , that sounds like a great idea 	people 's complacency and fear will cause our world to crumble . snakes will be the primary source of turmoil in world war 3 . when the robots truly decide to attack . 
making sure his hands do n't smell like snake food . 	snakes ca n't smell . they do sense heat , though . 
you do n't mean your dick do you ? i got stuck holding some guy 's balls last week and i do n't care to repeat . 	at least you did n't drop the ball . 
interesting but seems sad without an explanation . i was hoping the snake would wrestle him to the ground and then free all his snake friends . 	the animal friend in me wanted that aswell .  the human in me did n't want that .  fuck , snakes creep me out . 
maybe for you - i found it to be a little bit painful . and , still - would rather avoid it in the future . 	dot get me wrong i 'm not saying it does n't hurt , being bitten by most things hurts . but they are just bastards to get off most of the time 
poison dart frogs are poisonous . cobras are venomous 	venom contains toxins , and toxins are indeed poisonous jesus christ i dont want to get into a semantics debate with you people , you totally ignore my point 
that dude looked like he gave 0 shits about the snake coming out . 	i do n't care how much this guy gets paid he is worth so much more 
do n't snakes in captivity require a lamp of some kind ? how do these snakes gets their light and warmth ? 	probably heat pads or the warm is kept warm . 
i kept waiting for the entire thing to tip over like one of those library bookshelf videos . that was a long gif . 	yep , that 's what i expected to happen to . title is misleading ! 
that 's what i was thinking too . is it really a pet if all it does when you come by is try to kill and eat you ? 	meh not much different than a cat when you put it that way . you know those fuckers are just waiting for the right opportunity . 
wow ! only one word in german for this ? i 'm fucking shocked ! 	yeah and it 's short as fuck . 
naw , these places buy frozen in bulk , then warm them up in big batches . much cheaper and time efficient 	i doubt it . they look lively and wiggle like fresh ones . hell , even my local pet store breeds mice and rats for this exact same purpose . 
the only other person to see the edited version of the movie on tv . i thought i was the only one . 	never saw it on tv , but the edit was pretty popular on youtube . 
the internet is n't america . english is n't america . welcome to common sense . 	the internet is american , thats a fact . 
people freak out over insects and we easily out size most of them by an order of magnitude in the thousands . a little creature that you could crush with your pinky finger . 	part of our innate fear of bugs is that they carry a huge range of parasites that can seriously fuck you up . it 's not the bug , but what 's potentially inside it . 
wow . i am surprised your cat survived that . 	why are you surprised ? they have nine lives . 
is there a reason why he waits for the snakes to bite the mice instead of just throwing them inside and putting the bin back right after ? 	so if they do n't eat it their is n't a rotting rat carcass in with them 
do you keep venomous snakes ? oh , so your sarcasm was really on point there . 	no , but if i did i would have anti - venom . would n't make sense for me to have any otherwise . 
yeah ! no point in beating a poor snake for just doing what it 's instincts tell it to . 	bringing logic and reason into a reddit anti - snake circle jerk ?  surely , you ca n't be serious . 
seriously ? if the snake was starving to death and a dead mouse was next to it , it would sooner die than eat something it had n't caught itself ? not trying to sound like a dick , just curious . 	same reason why your steaks do n't come from random dead cows , but cows that were killed by the slaughterhouse . an animal that 's dead from unknown causes might be carrying diseases . 
that dude looked like he gave 0 shits about the snake coming out . 	like he was putting back power cables that fell out , trying to coil them in a way to fit them back in . except they were very aggressive power cables . 
seriously ? if the snake was starving to death and a dead mouse was next to it , it would sooner die than eat something it had n't caught itself ? not trying to sound like a dick , just curious . 	my assumption is that they avoid already - dead things because there 's no guarantee that it 's safe to eat . fresh kills are certain to be free of a lot of bacteria . 
yes , of course , why do n't we just put the fucking robots in charge of the fucking snakes , let 's just do that , that sounds like a great idea 	then you deal with feeding the cobras , cause if the robots aint doing it , wtf makes you think we 're gonna do it ? 
in most cases you should be ok . your stomach acid should destroy the venom before it hurts you iirc . 	i was expecting someone to say food poisoning . 
that dude looked like he gave 0 shits about the snake coming out . 	but he had a system to move the mouse around on the ground and tease the snake . the snake grabs the mouse then he grabs the snake . 
he 's going to feed dave to a snake , i just know it . 	snake still got fed . job complete . 
is this humane at all ?  edit : snakes like dark cool places , it 's totally fine , i get it now . 	i 'm sure he should be being paid more at least . 
haha exactly my thoughts . would have been more satisfying if all of the snakes just smoked the mice first shot . 	that shit was scary fast , imagine peaking under a rock and all of the sudden get a face full of snake 
seriously ? if the snake was starving to death and a dead mouse was next to it , it would sooner die than eat something it had n't caught itself ? not trying to sound like a dick , just curious . 	it does n't know it 's food unless it 's moving , kinda . 
yes , of course , why do n't we just put the fucking robots in charge of the fucking snakes , let 's just do that , that sounds like a great idea 	thats when you 'll see the robot get tired of their shit , and just fling them out of the building , literally at like 50 mph through the air . 
two cavemen meet a snake , the guy who does n't fuck with it lives long enough to reproduce , its perfectly healthy and normal to be afraid of species that can kill you . 	the other one who fucked with it founded the reptilian race . 
that dude looked like he gave 0 shits about the snake coming out . 	fuck you , nature . now get back in your box . 
that 's about all the funny i 've got left in me for the rest of the year . 	that did n't stop cosby . 
two cavemen meet a snake , the guy who does n't fuck with it lives long enough to reproduce , its perfectly healthy and normal to be afraid of species that can kill you . 	alternatively :  two cavemen meet a snake , the guy who decides to fuck with it feeds his cave family , the other dies of hunger . 
so what if you drink the snake venom ? 	at that point it would be a poison . 
snakes ca n't smell . they do sense heat , though . 	yeah , but he can and he does n't want to smell dead rodents when he 's having lunch later . unless he eats dead rodents too . in that case i have no answer . 
is there a reason why he waits for the snakes to bite the mice instead of just throwing them inside and putting the bin back right after ? 	because they might not eat it . 
people freak out over insects and we easily out size most of them by an order of magnitude in the thousands . a little creature that you could crush with your pinky finger . 	but they are small enough to crawl in your ear and eat your brain ! 
that 's the kind of question a robot would ask 	look , we 're all just normal human dudes here , and i think everybody should chill out and stop all the baseless accusations before somebody does something they might regret . 
i kept waiting for the entire thing to tip over like one of those library bookshelf videos . that was a long gif . 	what if it turned out those fuckers were venomous ?  that would be some the birds shit , fucken developing human traits and making us their bitches .  shit , man . 
wow ! only one word in german for this ? i 'm fucking shocked ! 	not only single word , but it is also a pretty short word ! 
you do n't mean your dick do you ? i got stuck holding some guy 's balls last week and i do n't care to repeat . 	i got this one . i 'll take one for the team . let me hold your snake dick . 
making sure his hands do n't smell like snake food . 	but it 's live mice and he 's using a stick to touch them 
but they are small enough to crawl in your ear and eat your brain ! 	good point ! i hate insects even more now . 
fuck you cobra . take your rat . get back in your box . 	absolutely god - damn right 
it 's not quite nope yet until an earthquake hits and all the bins fall out . 	they should have some kind of fail - safe in case of earthquake , like the place goes on lock down and woe to anyone trapped inside . 
i use a spray bottle of water . if that does n't work ; vodka . 	yeah ! no point in beating a poor snake for just doing what it 's instincts tell it to . 
damn . that guy must have freaked the first time one of those jumped out . 	he 's certainly cool with it now . 
or spiders , or frogs , or jelly fish . come to think of it , is anything friendly in australia ? 	even the trees and grass can kill you . 
that dude looked like he gave 0 shits about the snake coming out . 	pretty late to the thread , but as someone who did this for a living for 4 years , it 's really easy not to give a crap about it when you do it 50 hours a week . you get used to it . 
hold my snake , i 'm going in . 	you do n't mean your dick do you ? i got stuck holding some guy 's balls last week and i do n't care to repeat . 
they like efficiency . 	surely being descriptive is more efficient ? 
it 's not quite nope yet until an earthquake hits and all the bins fall out . 	i do n't get why people fear snakes . personally i find spiders more nope . 
good for him . homosexual snakes deserve equal rights 	i 'm all about equal rights , but i feel as if permitting gay snakes to marry would forever ruin the sanctity of straight snake marriage . 
yes , of course , why do n't we just put the fucking robots in charge of the fucking snakes , let 's just do that , that sounds like a great idea 	fuck that . 
people freak out over insects and we easily out size most of them by an order of magnitude in the thousands . a little creature that you could crush with your pinky finger . 	a lot of insects can kill you or seriously hurt you . before we could identify them easily it was best to treat all unknown insects as dangerous . i get it . 
wow ! only one word in german for this ? i 'm fucking shocked ! 	i 'm only shocked that it 's not 18 syllables long .  looking at you , butterfly . 
why are you surprised ? they have nine lives . 	he had already used the other eight . thug life . 
that dude looked like he gave 0 shits about the snake coming out . 	this guy attitude is like if he had a pocket full - o - fucks he still would n't be given a one up . 
tie him to a chair so he can watch some videos featuring the gospel of rms . 	do n't , he 'll think it 's for hackers that hate everything proprietary and dance around in the cli . o_o 
so it 's more expensive , harder to find , and with no good options for defensive ammo ? why carry it at all ? just stick to . 380 or 9mm 	why do some people carry 10mm ? sometimes rounds are just fun . i have never shot . 32 or 10mm but some people like stuff others dont 
i think it is the artwork . it 's on earl 's facebook and youtube as well . 	it was the grief cover art on spotify . 
yo , i 'm interested in cudi , em , bino , and quest . be awesome if you could send me those ! 	aight i gotta upload a couple of em but i 'll pm you them when they 're done edit : sent em to ya 
they do this every year now . no way should they have won division last two years by one game . 	 the way they did it was by winning more games than the second place team . do you have another way ? 
does it come with a small child on the back ? 	he 's actually a dwarf motorcycle mechanic 
just recently thought of this , a mt rushmore style pixel art of our faces . because skins are coming up soon , it would look nice on a large mountain . i would just have to get my skin in order . 	i like this . goodness knows there are enough giant mountain things to do it on . 
good luck . ill still listen to the free show but i cant pay monthly . i just ask , please do n't let cumia be a permanent 4th mic . 	i do n't see ant leaving the compound very often haha 
88 is a neo - nazi code word for heil hitler as h is the 8th letter of the alphabet . buffon tried to wear it and got forced to change due to protests 	well that seems a bit over the top . it 's a number for fuck 's sake , he did n't grow a hitler moustache and start greeting everyone with a nazi salute . 
they are more hockey numbers then soccer , but i do n't see the problem . 	88 is a neo - nazi code word for heil hitler as h is the 8th letter of the alphabet . buffon tried to wear it and got forced to change due to protests 
retiring numbers is pretty standard in hockey , so thats not all to weird to me 	yeah , definitely not that weird , seeing as i 'm american and retiring numbers is a huge honor here . just that i 'm keeping it for that special player . 
i 've never heard of the third song . 	was on the radio all the time in 2000 , i 've had it stuck in my head for 15 years 
yup a tip : i found out the hard way that carbon monoxide is heavier than air so stay low to the ground 	this is a good bit of advice . thank you 
breastfeeding is awesome . i lost weight fast but then stalled out and ate too much . now i 'm balancing it with weight loss . it 's doable ! 	it scared me how fast i lost at first . like , this kid is going to suck the life out of me ! i had my so buy whole milk and ice cream to eat . 
ymmv but i was not allowed to do anything for the 3 hours after i was given the sugar water . i had to be driven around in a wheelchair between appointments as not to get any exercise . 	that sucks . it 's interesting how everybody has different rules for these tests . like op who was just a few points off from normal on her test . nobody was watching me so i walked ! 
i 'm half tempted to abandon my ep character and reroll to join you guys . pvp has been a disorganized mess for me the few times i tried it out . 	well i will pm you my in - game username , just in case you decide to join us ! 
thanks , the sidebar link says 3 weeks or more , i would assume this is because it is from asia ? also do they show up in good condition ? 	i 've ordered twice from there , first time took 2 months , second time took 1 month , coming to mexico . orders have always been correct and in perfect conditions . 
you would probably make a lot more mistakes than your body does on automatic , so cancer , organ failure , and other unhappy things . 	but with her complete knowledge , she would be able to combat those mistakes in real - time . 
play on settler you get most of the bonuses the a . i . get on deity . 	no .  you 'd be short most of the greatest bonuses in fact . the only thing you 'd get would be the massive happiness boost . 
i found him on trail and noticed his back legs do n't move . did n't want him to die so i took him home and now need to figure out what it is so i can feed it appropriately . thanks in advance . 	you might look into a wildlife rescue in your area , as they may be able to offer appropriate care . 
why does it one bullet headshot kill from so far tho ; _ ; 	it 's stupid as hell , it 's a broken gun 
thanks for the offer but im going to have to pass as thats not powerful enough for what im looking for . 	could n't hurt to try , i could throw in a bnib external wd my passport 2tb hdd 
we already tried to make a deal a while back bro and we could n't come to terms . 	hmm , i suppose you 're right , now that i think about it . consoles are a hard sell on here , it 's pretty likely that you wo n't get any takers . pm me if you decide you want it 
hey i have a xbox one . what games do you have ? 	i thought before you had said you were only looking for one games specifically ? i think you can play 360 games on the one though 
have you tried vertical coils centered on the air hole opening ? great flavor that way as well . 	i have n't but have read that 's great too .  probably give that a try this weekend .  thanks man ! 
he was supposed to move out when he got married though . 	negative . he can stay in the barracks as long as he is n't collecting bah . 
dont buy packs , turn off commentary , go to settings and visual to get rid of scrolling team line ups at start .  judge players by pace nothing else 	first thing i 'm gonna do when i turn fifa on , getting rid of the scrolling line ups 
hold rb to let the ball roll through your legs . if you time it right it can really mess up the guys that sprint at you nonstop 	yeah this is something i need to incorporate into my game . cheers 
direct communication is best . if you 're just hanging out , you 're just hanging out . tell the person you 're interested in them .   	of course , i started out dating someone by having sex with them . we were just hanging out and friends the first couple of times we fucked . we only started dating after we got romantic . 
for game design did you study art , programming , or networking ? 	'art 'and programming , though i latched on to technical artist in the end . so things like level design , environment modelling and matte painting 
likely a combination of poor attic insulation and poor attic circulation . 	could n't that just be from temperature changes ? cold enough to snow , warm enough to melt the snow , then freezing again ? rinse and repeat . 
you willing to test that ? 	no . i 'd put a friendly looking mannequin on a rc car type jig and test them with that though . 
man , there 's just no way to not get embarrassed by this guy . 	knee him in the balls as he makes a move to the basket . 
tab target and run fast . 	i try to . but ca n't sprint while shooting the cores , often leading to a fall . the mechanics are insane . 
the background ruins it for me . environment does n't match the subject . face looks good enough though except the shadow of her brows . 	ruining it for me are the glaring highlights on her forehead and nose . 
how did you manage to get crew members that had the right names ? the rest of the crew you pick up other than your starting guys are all randomly named . 	you can rename your crew in the ship menu . 
yes , yes he does . you 're not going to get an assault charge out of something that small without very expensive lawyers . 	and he has insurance on his face , i believe . a lawyer could build a case on the potential threat to his livelihood if his face was damaged in any way . 
if a person is obviously drunk i get that . but otherwise it 's just a dick move . who is this person to judge . he 's not a cop . he works at mcdonald 's . 	drunk people who drive deserve to have their license removed permanently .  you are literally going to kill people .  dude at mcdonalds is a boss . 
people could also stop being such entitled dicks , but yeah thicker skin lets go with that . 	that 's true but sadly that 's not the world we live in  
what do you gain by doing that ? 	teaching assholes not to blow smoke in people 's faces . 
kick my ass and ill sue you for assault ! 	that would be battery . 
do you want to talk about your anger issues ? 	do you ever feel like everyone around you is an asshole without common sense ? i feel like that a lot . it is frustrating to be annoyed all the time . 
tom cruise , key point there . plus , assault is the threat of violence . a water gun could be a real gun , but joint smoke would never kill you 	pretty sure the dea will disagree with you on that last point .  edit : goodness people , i 'm not saying i agree with the dea on this one . 
i mean i 'm not defending forcing any pet or person to get high , but some pets like it 	if the pet encourages the behavior it 's one thing , but the situation described above is not the case 
the weed makes you think you 're doing fine . you 're not . do n't be an idiot . 	you 're thinking of alcohol . look up the facts dude . i 'm not gonna claim it 's safe just that it is much different than driving drunk . 
do you ever feel like everyone around you is an asshole without common sense ? i feel like that a lot . it is frustrating to be annoyed all the time . 	i felt the same . but then i realized i am the asshole . 
because otherwise no one would ever be able to get pot . because someone has to drive it somewhere to make it to your house . 	that 's not the situation i 'm referring to . i thought my comment about the ash tray full of roaches clarified that . 
my spotless record and tiny insurance payments tell me i 'm doing fine too . 	most people who die in drunk or drug driving accidents have no past arrest or record of accidents . 
i 've never heard of this before .  as someone who has never smoked i 'm used to moving vehicles being the only place that most people do . 	are you used to people drinking beer in a moving car too ? it 's the same thing . driving under the influence . 
that 's irrelevant . if a manager sees a child being abused ? same thing .  to not report it is unlawful . 	they would do it if it happened in their store because it might project a bad image if they do n't , they would n't give a shit otherwise 
that 's true but sadly that 's not the world we live in  	i 've worked retail a lot , the angry pissy assholes are far outweighed by decent happy people . the bad people are just what stick with you more than the hundreds of people who are n't dicks . 
someone was once charged with assault for squirting tom cruise with a squirt gun . they can make just about anything assault if they really want to . 	tom cruise , key point there . plus , assault is the threat of violence . a water gun could be a real gun , but joint smoke would never kill you 
i would seriously punch him in the face . you never expose people to any drug without their consent . 	just spill the drink into his lap when handing it to him . 
am i the only one who thinks we toss around law suits way to much in this country ?  like , i do n't agree with what the guy did . but i feel like i 'd get over it pretty much immediately . 	the best way get over anything is to go to court over it . 
it 's not his job to do that . sadly owners and management just want customers they do n't care what kind . money is money 	it 's his fucking responsibility as a human being to report those that endanger the lives of others your twat . 
yes it does . source : i 'm british . 	i do n't think i 've ever seen one . source : i 'm english 
no . i mean just high on weed and flying the aircraft you 're traveling in . 	is the pilot a smoker or someone who does n't smoke weed much ? 
easy assault case if you want it . 	am i the only one who thinks we toss around law suits way to much in this country ?  like , i do n't agree with what the guy did . but i feel like i 'd get over it pretty much immediately . 
it 's his fucking responsibility as a human being to report those that endanger the lives of others your twat . 	you do n't sound too dumb for a very stupid guy . 
i was with you till the unfounded assumption about people who work at mcdonalds . 	that 's why you disagree ? lol . i have no qualms with that - that 's straight up logic and fact . 
yes it does . source : i 'm british . 	okay . source : i 'm not british nor have i ever been to britain . 
so your car just drove itself . 	what car mr officer ? i walked here . oh that car registered to me in the parking lot ? i left that there after drinking last night . 
have you ever drank tea ? 	nope . i 'm definitely not british . 
i drive stoned all the time , never once had an issue . if anything , it makes me more careful . 	this person has clearly never smoked in their life . it 's not all that unreasonable for someone to assume this is the case before they 've ever tried it . 
good to know . are you a smoker ? do you like the smell ?   	i 'm not and i do n't like the smell but i do like when people make an effort not to be rude , and you sound like you 're making an effort . 
easy assault case if you want it . 	you mean battery not assault , manager probably did n't know it was coming . assault would be if the driver threatened to blow smoke in the face of the manager . 
this disgusts me . i make the decision to get high . pets do not , and it probably is a frightening sensation to them since they have no clue what is happening to them 	animals do n't decide to be your pet either . 
your name makes what you say hard to take seriously . 	why ? i like to drink and smoke . i just do it responsibly . i just do n't like it when a few people ruin something good for everybody . 
this disgusts me . i make the decision to get high . pets do not , and it probably is a frightening sensation to them since they have no clue what is happening to them 	dude you realize catnip is an opiate that gets cats really high right ? some pets like to get baked . euphoria works on animals too 
that 's irrelevant . if a manager sees a child being abused ? same thing .  to not report it is unlawful . 	it 's not unlawful to see a crime and not report it . it may not be moral but they have no legal responsibility to contact the police . 
if someone is stoned enough that a person can tell only after a brief interaction at a drive through , then they have no business being behind the wheel of a 2 ton missile . 	yeah if you ca n't control how you 're acting or how you 're coming off , you probably ca n't control a car to the best of your ability . 
by your logic it is legal to spit on people because there is no physical injury . 	it would still never stand up in court unless the driver admitted to it . 
if the cop did n't see you smoke there is no way for him to prove you 're high . 	the police can still give you a sobriety test .  so if you fail that because you 're high they can then arrest you and give you a test to see what you 're on . 
you 've clearly never smoked weed , plus it 's very easy to lie about smoking since there 's no breathalyzer for thc . i swear reddit gets younger and dumber every day 	there 's a field sobriety test and a blood sample can be taken . driving is a stupid high school boy move . wise up . 
i 've never understood the people who drive around with their shit . had a buddy back in college that had his ashtray filled to the top with blunt roaches . 	because otherwise no one would ever be able to get pot . because someone has to drive it somewhere to make it to your house . 
i work at sonic and a customer has done this to me .  fuck people like that .  i have severe asthma and that second hand smoke straight into my face caused me to have an asthma attack .   	should 've got his info and sued him . 
if i 'm waiting more than five minutes parked for my food , i 'm marching in there and raising shit with your manager . good luck proving i was driving then . 	so your car just drove itself . 
if the cop did n't see you smoke there is no way for him to prove you 're high . 	people who 've just smoked a lot of pot reek of smoke . cop does n't need proof , he just needs probable cause . 
people who 've just smoked a lot of pot reek of smoke . cop does n't need proof , he just needs probable cause . 	if you smoked in the car you reek . seriously though not everyone who smokes reeks , and even then the smell give the cop reason to search the car , not arrest you for dui 
ha , jokes on you . i 'm white , drive a nice car , and am a very responsible driver even while baked . cops do n't look twice at me . 	the weed makes you think you 're doing fine . you 're not . do n't be an idiot . 
lawsuits are civil this would be criminal . there would n't be a lawsuit you would call the cops and they would charge him and that would be the end of it from your end . 	assault is also a civil claim under tort law . in this case , however , it would be battery . 
if i 'm waiting more than five minutes parked for my food , i 'm marching in there and raising shit with your manager . good luck proving i was driving then . 	that security footage of the drive through is going to be pretty irrefutable . 
the correct response was to spit on them . they already have their food and you ca n't spit in it , so you gotta do the next best thing . trust me , i have years of experience in a kitchen . 	yeah and get arrested for assault and lose your job too . 
speak for your self . if you 're high enough that i noticed it then you should n't be driving . 	no . i want to operate my road weapon from space . launch the weed criticism downvoter satellite ! 
it 's his fucking responsibility as a human being to report those that endanger the lives of others your twat . 	you do n't understand that corporations do n't give a shit about humanity . 
it 's not his job to do that . sadly owners and management just want customers they do n't care what kind . money is money 	you 're wrong and this mentality is what continues to perpetuate serious yet avoidable issues . look out for your fellow man because news flash , you do n't live alone on this planet . 
you smoked pot while you were at work ? 	pretty common in the restaurant industry . 
okay . source : i 'm not british nor have i ever been to britain . 	have you ever drank tea ? 
you lonely all up on your pedestal ? 	it hurts my neck to have to peer over the edge all the time .  what are we talking about ? 
if a person is obviously drunk i get that . but otherwise it 's just a dick move . who is this person to judge . he 's not a cop . he works at mcdonald 's . 	if anyone is impaired period , they should n't be driving . it 's too easy to mess up and kill someone . 
studies do n't matter if you know you can drive . 	that 's the same line of reasoning used by drunk drivers that end up killing others on the road . 
we invite the national army of kenya to send up to 10 000 soldiers to train with the imperial army in china . our troops have had a proud combat history , and excel at many tasks . 	we may at some point , right now we 'd like them to be familiar with fighting here . thank you . 
ghost ball ? that sounds super exciting , ca n't wait to see what it looks like !  i hope there 's also some sweet 8 - bit music and an awesome scoreboard to fit the mario theme . 	if this is actually ron , any news about your shadowban and why ? 
no one applauded , i 'm pretty sure most people agreed this would happen 	that the laws happened means the average person either applauded or did n't give a shit . 
funny how for all our hatred of hitler , the british government seems to love acting like him 	they moved west . germany did n't have anything the reich needed anymore . soon britain wo n't either . 
funny how for all our hatred of hitler , the british government seems to love acting like him 	its almost comparable , the moronic ideas coming out of britain to those of the australian dude . 
bye bye criticism of israel . 	if you cannot criticize israel without referring to hitler then you might have a problem . that said , i do n't think it 's a problem that requires you to be banned from the internet . 
hate speech is still free speech . deal with it . people have the right to hate .   	so people are well within their rights to verbally abuse people because they 're exercising their free speech ? when does free speech just become verbal bullying ? 
let me guess ? a liberal is pursuing this ? 	are you british ? i believe liberal means the opposite in europe as it does in america . 
i thought it was funny that everyone 's comments were being deleted , but since you disagree i will delete this , no need to be a dick 	hey man i was n't trying to be a dick , probably should 've phrased that better , i was just confused what the point was 
good clips , you should use your e to stun them in the wall next time : p 	thank you , i could n't get them close enough . but thanks for the tip : 3 
show me on this doll where the sjw touched you ? 	whatever . that does n't work as a counter argument to validate your victim complex regarding poor religious extremists  
pseudoscience was actually used to justify a lot of horrible stuff . 	i never said that people did n't do bad things in the name of scientific research , i was just trying to convey that you do n't really start a war in the name of nothingness . 
that does n't count because mental gymnastics . 	mental gymnastics as in he did n't kill people because he was an atheist but because he was trying to kill people that possibly endangered his power ?   
17 . turning 18 in april , started playing runescape in 3rd grade with 3 other friends that still play to this day .  i was around 7 or 8 on third grade , pretty insane . 	i started playing when i was 7 i 'm 19 now so it 's wierd to think how much this game was a part of my childhood 
they 're playing around like elementary school kids . 	i 'm curious to see how youtube celebrities grow up compared to your average celebrity . 
he wins the money . 	soooo fraud then ? 
you gave it to them under false pretense and deception , that 's theft 	why do n't you go look up the legal definition of theft and see why , by definition , it cannot apply to anything given 
my aunt is a very hippy liberal person , and admitted to me once that she only does volunteer work because it makes herself feel good . i think a lot of people who volunteer are the same . 	i think that 's part of being human . no animal does things unless it gets something out of it . 
why do n't you go look up the legal definition of theft and see why , by definition , it cannot apply to anything given 	fraud .   
if someone is stupid enough to believe the video it does n't really matter if their money is stolen , they 're retarded . 	yeah , fuck all those people who thought they were getting a homeless guy off the streets . retarded ass good intentions and shit . 
uh , 103 is the lab course for 102 , i do n't get why you would n't take them simultaneously . i would talk to an advisor about your question as they would likely know 	to answer your question , i knew that 103 is an easy a and just decided to take it because it 's only a small amount of work . 102 is a weed out class . 
i think id like to see more for this so i am going to keep it open and likely repost this evening . if there isnt another bid by 11 pm central time its yours . 	was this ever reposted ? i 'd love to trade for it tonight . 
i think id like to see more for this so i am going to keep it open and likely repost this evening . if there isnt another bid by 11 pm central time its yours . 	that 's fair to me . i 'm actually out of town until monday so i ca n't trade until then . 
i 'll start with a gul . 	i think id like to see more for this so i am going to keep it open and likely repost this evening . if there isnt another bid by 11 pm central time its yours . 
throwing grenades in zero - g to bounce them around the corner at the end of a corridor will be an entirely knew type of skill . 	new if you did n't play shattered horizon 
i could see a reason for riding the t other than pandering . for example , to get a clear understanding of the system , first - hand . some people learn better that way . 	so kind of how he did during the campaign ?  he knows it 's bad . it 's all over the news . you do n't need to be stuck in a stopped train on the red line to imagine how bad it would suck .   
i could see a reason for riding the t other than pandering . for example , to get a clear understanding of the system , first - hand . some people learn better that way . 	all it would help him understand is that the mbta is underfunded and shitty . he seems to already be aware of this . 
can someone honestly answer me why he would ride the t ? that 's just mindless pandering . 	i could see a reason for riding the t other than pandering . for example , to get a clear understanding of the system , first - hand . some people learn better that way . 
 edit : wait , this is just you posting your friend 's shitty article and then defending her non - news . you and shirley should try to get jobs for buzzfeed . 	you are dumb . do you even live in boston ? do you know how many people depend on the t to get to their jobs so they can feed their families ? 
any private company that thinks they can run a system like the mbta and generate a profit is in for a really bad time . 	technically privatized rail and bus would be huge and affordable in the us if cities did n't build so many damn roads . with so many roads , there 's an saturation of supply . 
look at this comment section .  look at it . 	forget the comment section , look at how many upvotes that idiotic article got . 
technically privatized rail and bus would be huge and affordable in the us if cities did n't build so many damn roads . with so many roads , there 's an saturation of supply . 	privatized rail and bus is affordable and a big deal between cities .  within city confines it is not a good business idea . not unless you live in hong kong . 
perhaps you have n't been on the mbta recently , either . 	 edit : wait , this is just you posting your friend 's shitty article and then defending her non - news . you and shirley should try to get jobs for buzzfeed . 
it 's a hard one . transfer rates are very low so there is that chance that you wo n't actually make that transition to a four year . 	that 's because a lot of lazy people go to community college . the ones that are n't going because they could n't get in anywhere else probably have better luck . 
but you want the bank to take a risk on you right ? 	i want as little to do with the bank as possible .  i simply do n't spend the money i do n't actually have .  no loans and no risk to my wallet unless it 's an emergency . 
all the other responses say basically what i wanted to . but i 'd like to add that a friend of mine married her bf just so she could file as independent and get help paying for college . 	it 's sad that it comes to that . i 've know parents that got a divorce just to help pay for it too . 
go to a community college for two years and then transfer to a state school to complete your bachelors . or take a massive student loan . or join the military . 	this . community college is so cheap , and your first couple years , most of your classes are core classes - you 'll get to take most of the really good ones for your degree at a university . 
this . community college is so cheap , and your first couple years , most of your classes are core classes - you 'll get to take most of the really good ones for your degree at a university . 	it 's a hard one . transfer rates are very low so there is that chance that you wo n't actually make that transition to a four year . 
cheap state schools in the us are very affordable . 	it largely depends on the state and the school and the program being studied . everyone 's situation is different . 
median debt is around 20k . very manageable considering the long term payoff of a 4 year degree . i do n't get all the bitching in here . 	cool , how about mode or mean debt though ? 
it 's a hard one . transfer rates are very low so there is that chance that you wo n't actually make that transition to a four year . 	a lot of community colleges have transfer agreements to state colleges , and generally transfer well to state affiliate institutions . at least in pa . 
the struggle is real ! this is why i worked part time while being a student and it really sucks . you can do it guys ! 	do n't say the fucking middle class is the struggle 
have you tried applying for merit scholarships ? 	are merit scholarships general ? as in you just search online for them and apply or are they specific to your college ? 
protip : get a job under the table or one that involves mostly tips . 	yeah so my taxes can pay for your shitty degree . no thanks . get a real job like the rest of us or fuck off . 
made me lol . it was n't until i got a job , moved out and bought a house that i was poor enough to afford college . 	sorry but for me college was a priority before buying a house lol i 'm sufficient with an apartment for a while 
go to a community college for two years and then transfer to a state school to complete your bachelors . or take a massive student loan . or join the military . 	yeah but then you ca n't get away from your parents , move to the big city , and start the partying . nobody wants to do that . ca n't someone just give me some free money instead ? 
i 'm pretty sure that 's not robert o 'reilly . 	i consider myself a fairly knowledgeable fan and even i do n't recognise the actor or which character he was . 
on a monday ? youre my type of guy . 	i 'm on vacation for 6 months . it is my moral obligation to get drunk in tropical areas and post on reddit . 
i 'm on vacation for 6 months . it is my moral obligation to get drunk in tropical areas and post on reddit . 	i would n't expect you to spend your vacation in any other way . 
i 'll take the samoan cinder block . 	brother bear , you need to chill man , what 's the cause for so much anger . 
no . jesus , man . 	yeah , i am seeing that this sub is way too serious for my blood . peace out uptight bitches ! 
no it looks just fine ! have you tried using a flexible razor blade ? for me using them helps me get the desired shape with more uniform results . 	i 've thought about using them but the idea just frightens me . i 'd end up dropping one and finding it by slicing my hand open with it . 
its actually better , i finished fo3 after the story and still enjoyed them both as much . 	i did the same thing ! after reading foe i went out and borrowed a friend 's copy of fo3 and then re - read foe . : p 
to prevent damage to them , like all our other organs . they need to sense when we bite too hard or something is knocking it out . 	yeah , but why do they have temperature detectors inside ? the rest of the mouth can do this right ? 
just remember to wipe off the equipment after using , okay ? 	in fact , why do n't you just bleach the thing eh ? 
can you think of a word that would better fit the series ? 	succubus , i think . similar purpose , less cultural baggage .  although , that was a fun thing to google , so thanks for that . 
that 's because it 's quality fic , and highly surprising . 	i do n't think that means we need 3 posts of the same thing 
cool story . keep not buying sightstone . 	do you even know there is a limit on wards placed ? why the hell would i buy a warding item when i already have my wards maxed out for the rest of the game ? 
do you even know there is a limit on wards placed ? why the hell would i buy a warding item when i already have my wards maxed out for the rest of the game ? 	two reasons . pink ward trinket and red trinket . 
do you even know there is a limit on wards placed ? why the hell would i buy a warding item when i already have my wards maxed out for the rest of the game ? 	two reasons . pink ward trinket and red trinket . 
is your town pretty full ? i wonder if it would help removing some decorations etc . i know you should n't have to , but might be worth a try for troubleshooting purposes . 	i have zero decorations in my town . if it does n't produce income , it 's in storage . that said , my town is pretty packed with buildings . 
yeah absolutely , i 'm actually rooting for them , so i 'd be ecstatic if they were able to pull off a win 	yeah i really want kurt to finally win without being dead before the end of the season : p 
it seems like all the teams are relatively close to each other , and then there 's team leftovers , on the other side of the map all alone . 	why not go to the end and save the trouble of finding the other teams ? 
sounds good to me . let me get the stuff from the bank , then i 'll add you and go online in a few minutes . 	alrighty . i 'll be able to trade in a few hours - going out for a bit in a few min . 
does anyone know if it 's worth it to replay the game making opposite choices ? i loved the game , but i do n't know if it will be different enough the second time around . 	i just unlocked the platinum trophy . since i am a big fan of the game i had to play it twice . some things differ but the story as a whole does not change . 
release the laptop into the wild . the spider has won this round . 	what if they come back in the future cause they have the upper hand ? 
dude , be nice to your bits . at least use hair conditioner . 	i have no problems with it though , but i did n't know you get problems if you do it for your face . 
does quick remote work with cyan ? 	sadly no . i heard you can flash it on cm12 but i have n't tried 
you have to hold the phone so still for like 2 seconds after taking the photo . only annoying part about the whole rom . 	you do n't , if you use the moto camera . 
is arma a good brand ? i 've been hearing a lot about them and this car lately . 	i 've heard great things about the truck , bad things about the electronics so that 's why i switched them all out . have n't had a chance to really drive it yet . 
never had this problem with bestbuy . ordered all my commons from them and all came in boxes with air bags . maybe it has to do with the fact i 'm an elite plus member ? 	nope . i am as well . does n't mean shit . it 's all what warehouse you get the crappy luck of having it sent from . 
thanks for all of your support , gang ! i hope you had a fun ride , and i have some new ideas for next time . thanks again , and i 'll see you all again soon ! 	this was so amazing . genghis sweeps in with a vengeful fury and bypasses persia 's naval strength . also , see how many civs you can cram in next time for maximum chaos . 
the embedded videos were buggy for me . they would play for 1 - 2 seconds and then stop . had to return my the hit . 	thats how long it was supposed to go for . you only had to see if the caption was correct for that 1 - 2 seconds that played  
do n't we all have accents to someone ?  canadian , specifically maritime it can be similar to a new england accent 	this is pretty accurate . i think we all sound different to someone when we travel a bit . 
a lot of comfort food but the fried green tomatoes , shrimp and grits , and crab cakes are probably going to be the most popular . 	i 'm doing bbq but i absolutely love the idea of fried green tomatoes . i think we just might do that too 
furthermore , in what significant way does ed 's special alchemy feat differ from a spell 	they actually do state in the show several times that alchemy is science not magic . 
but he can change the metal that his arm and leg are made of , so he could change it to platinum and unless ed exposes his arm and leg then she wo n't know it 's metal 	remember , she does n't see . seismic sense involves vibrations : she can know the leg is metal . it being covered up wo n't matter much . 
has edward ever used flame alchemy ? i 'm fairly certain the only reason roy can is due to his gloves . 	no , roy was the only person in the series that knew how to use fire alchemy i 'm pretty sure . he and hawke went out of their way to destroy the research of it in brotherhood flashbacks iirc 
she 'd say i hurt her and drove her off with my anger . i wo n't even bother refuting it when i can just say that she cheated . 	ouch . i hope you 're doing better now . 
i have no idea . i get why she blocked the m rated games , but i do n't understand why she blocked everything else . it 's not like i was going to watch porn on my 2ds ! 	i do n't know how reasonable your mom is or how old you are even , but you should ask her to unblock it 
he also took a pro - gg stance when that all started . 	that was my point with the pro - gamer thing . he 's with gg on a lot of things , even though he does n't want to align himself with a movement . 
give ryan johansen a try , he 's amazing . imo the most under rated player in the whole game 	have him on my second link with parise , he 's amazing the two of them work very well together 
give ryan johansen a try , he 's amazing . imo the most under rated player in the whole game 	i pulled his asg card a while back and havent had the hard to send him packing . he 's been great for me . 
thanks man . it gets harder for me as the tale continues , and i think there is something or someone trying to sabotage me finishing this . 	eww ! eww ! eww ! but i am so intrigued . i hope they do n't sabotage you , because i am desperate for the ending ! 
how long have you been playing the game ? 	a few months , not sure exactly . i 'm currently in the last chapter of act ii , summoner level 30 , if that helps . 
i do enjoy fox more than espn but i 'm really looking forward to nbc . 	so excited for nbc it 's not even funny . 
jeff probst gets paid millions of dollars to do shit like this for a living . if that 's not living the good life i do n't know what is . 	jeff 's life is fine . 
i imagine that it 's nothing more than just heated whipped potato product , but there 's something so unnatural and wrong about seeing it in action .  i 'll take three . 	pick up a cooked chicken in a store . bottle of wine . grab a couple of them . happy man i would . 
only in dreams ,  we see what it means ,  reach out our hands ,  hold on to hers ,  but when we wake ,  it 's all been erased ,  and so it seems ,  only in dreams 	only in singapore . seriously though , that mash does n't taste half bad . 
set yourself as offline . really , i do not understand these threads either . 	if you set yourself invisible , you 're not allowed to use guild chat , or whisper your other friends , so if you want to do any of that , you have to set yourself to online . 
looking forward to see you there ! : p 	just 20 right ? i hope i can make it . i always always miss your giveaways lol 
you hear cases like this pop up in the press every so often , though i wonder if we 're hearing the whole story .  a lot of it comes down to the end user being wrong . 	the most common story is getting an astronomical charge for foreign data roaming . 
at least you can avoid them , in the us and asia it is common to be charged a small amount for receiving calls as a result nobody ever answers calls not on their address book . 	that happens when on holiday too , the shocking thing here is that these charges came from calls she did n't even answer . 
note to self : turn voicemail off when going abroad . 	i wish i could . i have no desire to have voicemail at amy time bit ca n't figure out how to disable it on three . 
the cheapest decent dual - sim phone is the moto g2 . 	only a single sim at a time can be 3g though .  and no 4g support . 
have n't bt just bought ee ? 	they have agreed to buy it but the purchase is n't complete yet . that sorta stuff takes a while . 
i 'd be telling them to get fucked if they thought i was paying that . 	they would then ruin your credit rating and 'the man 'would n't even know your name or care . 
husband ? i was only aware of a doormat . 	i was only aware of a man in need of a beard . 
leslie knope herself is a punchable face . 	i respect your opinion , but you shut your whore mouth . 
i would n't mind one of those biscuits , but holy fuck the dude has 3 , then 3 meals , then fries , and we all know soda is in that cup . 	one of those could be a filling meal , yet the guy has 3 . how do they not puke it all out when traveling ? 
are you using a one way valve between your pump and your stone ? 	yeah i forgot to mention i do have a check valve on it so no chance of water getting into the pump .   
what size is that ? if it 's a m , i 'll buy it off you or we can negotiate a trade . 	its a small but it fits like a medium on me . i can pm you the measurements 
its a small but it fits like a medium on me . i can pm you the measurements 	i 'm 6 'so i drift between m and l . how tall are you so i can gauge the picture ? 
5 '6 , but the sleeves are cuffed quite a bit 	well i 'm looking for a field jacket so thanks for responding , but on second thought i think the color might be too green for me . 
i 'm 6 'so i drift between m and l . how tall are you so i can gauge the picture ? 	5 '6 , but the sleeves are cuffed quite a bit 
when you put it like that , it makes sense . it just gives me a bad feeling about them the way they have it worded . 	yeah i 'm always afraid of places that promise a minimum weekly wage . i 'm afraid they are going to work you like a dog for that money . 1 , 100 a week is n't bad , but at 70 hours it is . 
i do n't think so , i listened to them side - by - side to try to figure it out and the mix sounds identical . 	the remaster reportedly has more bass . 
i do n't see why not as it would be a good source of protein , but if it 's cheap cat food look out for unnecessary sugar or hfcs that they do n't really need . 	not sure why cat food would have sugar in it since they ca n't taste sweet . extra carbs ? 
i would argue that his win at survivor series 1999 would be a bigger high point , but i can see why this was chosen . 	his reign in 99 was like benoit 's reign in 04 . he won , it was a huge deal , then he was put in a mid - card feud for the main event title while the former champ still main events the shows . 
that 'd be a great thing for them to teach in schools .  in oregon , they do n't even teach cursive anymore . 	i have little to no faith left in the public school system . 
fun fact : dst was created for the allies in ww1 so they would have more time to fight ze germans . we won , so it stuck . 	that 's not true , the story is a lot more complicated than that and involves many different factors and origins . 
oh , i do n't disagree . too much dread will be just as bad 	man 's nature is to protect women . it 's ok to err on the side of dread . 
also , here 's a way to self blame :  instead of accusing your readers of low comprehension , assume that it is your skills in making a point that are lacking . 	instead of accusing others of contradicting themselves , assume your reading comprehension skills are lacking and read it again . 
i take it you 're not a captain first mate proponent ? 	a proper captain can fire a bad first mate and hire a good one without losing half his ship . 
a strange game . the only way to win is not to play . 	you ca n't not to play . you are playing this game till the day you die . you can choose to loose and dissapear from the genetic pool , but you are doing the most unnatural thing ever . 
well , i mean they 're nice , but did she really expect his mind to be blown ? you gotta play it cool at that age . if you get all excited she 's instantly uninterested . 	well , here 's someone who has learned everything they know about women through movies and tv and not through interaction . 
kaman has clearly helped him , but the biggest help has come from the blazers 'big man coach . apparently the dude is some kind of big - man - whisperer . 	we 're talking about the guy who helped lma become the smoothly dominant big man he is today . sounds reasonable to me . 
thanks . i 've managed up to this point and i 'm not sure how much longer i can hold out , but i still have to try . 	like i said earlier , feel free to pm me . any time . i may not reply immediately , but i will reply . 
like i said earlier , feel free to pm me . any time . i may not reply immediately , but i will reply . 	thank you . it really means a lot . 
as cool as it looks , why do want a file count on your various folders ? 	it 's in the finder view options , i thought it looked better , filled in the empty space nicely 
i 've played well over 150 rumble matches . i have never encountered this . 	i had no either until the last few days and i have ran into it 3 out of the 5 games i played for the bounty . it just kills the spirit of the mode .   
this misses the point . it should be super easy to change the home room . 	that 's why i said it was n't ideal . however until a method is created there 's a work around . sort of like how msaa is now in game selected when it was command line for awhile . 
no matter the outcome of the match - bray wyatt comes out a winner , in the end .  but of course , i 'll be rooting for taker . always have , always will . 	same here man . it would be hard for me to root against taker in any scenario . 
infected rug burn ? 	i do n't have carpet in my house 
cake or pie ? 	ice cream cake for miles . 
but would n't people that sell cell phones want to tempt people with longer battery life ? if that 's the case they will be produced en masse . 	maybe . how much will that phone cost , though ? 
when your ears finally un - pop 	had my ears clogged for three weeks . looking forward to the day i hear that noise . 
makes much sense !  and oh , great ! i do n't have a cam just mic , but i 'll have to check it out sometime 	i 'm not trying to push you or anything , but i do want to let you know that , there are plenty of guys who get on with just mic . just fyi . 
oh they kick ass . for something so thin , it 's built so well , it 's impossible not to nub it . zero heat , until the last inch . 	amazing . what i read is that they use tobacco generally used for snus , and that 's shocking to me . very shocking . is it long - filler or short - filler ? 
now enjoy that cup of coffee , it 'll taste better than ever . 	it definitely does !  i had an espresso this morning with my breakfast to fuel my ride , and i 'm having some oolong at the moment .  caffeine is wonderful . 
damn that 's a hell of a catch . where are you located ? 	small - ish town right in the middle of missouri . i live outside of town to the north and my work is on the north edge of town , so it 's mostly back roads . 
if i remember correctly you can jump over the line but you ca n't use another player to launch off of to get over .  someone please correct me . 	kam chancellor did it this past season . 
were you older or younger than 18 ?   	i 'm older than 18 , so i do n't have the defense of being a minor . 
sorry i should have put a scale item , the big holes are too big to put your mouth around 	put your face in it . 
agreed that they 've got a metalcore vibe , but they seem to take that in their stride , like they 're taking the piss of the genre while also playing some pretty epic music at the same time . 	i 've been listening to the album the last day or so . it does have some metalcore elements but they shred so hard you barely even notice . they 're so filthy . 
tried that - they wanted to bring in the 55 gallon drum for a bum fire . i proposed it to the board and my request was denied . 	have an upvote . you are a considerate wannabe host . too bad about that deal breaker . 
invite them to your apartment and play cards against humanity . 	tried that - they wanted to bring in the 55 gallon drum for a bum fire . i proposed it to the board and my request was denied . 
no . better tires on the front offers better control during braking for all cars and turning for some cars . 	or not . google the michelin tire test videos . it will take some digging , but they 're out there . 
i would really like to have drums , either as an addition or as a separate game . 	if we follow the logical steps that previous games took , hopefully drums and an actual vocal player might be in the cards . we can hope , anyway . 
it also amped up your input so you can actually hear what you sounded like . i which they still had it . 	you can increase your instrument volume as well as your cable gain . it helps a bit . 
hehe . spooky , spooky deer . 	lol , i know its not true but i read the deer - man skin walker story , and if a deer stood on two legs smelling of rotting flesh and staring deep into my soul i 'd shit my pants 
fuck if they are offended , i just do n't want to deal with their shit . 	you do n't have to . just wear the patch . it 's fucking cool . 
i think the power supply is a bit overkill a 500w supply would do just fine . 	a new motherboard and processor are in my future as well , and hopefully sli at some point , i 'm trying to be prepared for anything : d 
no it did n't , i was there . it came from the dandy thunder fans , flew across the entire crowd , hit the ad boards and fell down burning a couple of teenage girls . 	burning people .  no one wants to go to a game and come home injured or permanently disfigured . 
they 're not actually rockets lol , even if it hits the roof the roof wins . 	i bet you would n't let one off in your house . 
my house is n't an open stadium 	but the roof would win ! 
cool . do you manage to use both on and off in the same track ? 	every now and then . for the most part , i 'm using them either as toms or snares per track . but sometimes i 'll switch mid - song if the occasion calls for it . 
yes , but i 've never used instructor , kind of a dumb idea in a flight sim ; is n't the idea to fly the plane yourself .  do a lot of people use instructor ? 	it is used automatically , only in sim mode it is turned of completly , so you use it too , you just do n't know it . 
got both versions , it 's the same flight models etc but my god do n't try it with a ps4 controller 	can you play with a mouse and keyboard on the ps4 ? 
can you play with a mouse and keyboard on the ps4 ? 	have n't been able to get my alienware keyboard to input , nor my corsair k70 so i 'm not sure . apparently some people have . 
maybe the trip was for business . meaning he is meeting people he does n't really know . so yes , last resort would be finding a way to borrow money and pay it back , but not ideal . 	so your friend went to buy drugs but ran out of gas . did he get the drugs yet ? he could just sell some of those at a truck stop . 
i assume he went to meet someone . that person can loan him some money . 	maybe the trip was for business . meaning he is meeting people he does n't really know . so yes , last resort would be finding a way to borrow money and pay it back , but not ideal . 
to be fair , sometime people know how to role play as a certain country better than others , but i agree it should be limited . 	i am happy that one of the mods agrees . now it feel like i was n't just rambling nonsense : d 
i agree . i think that nearly any area of the world could be made interesting , it just takes some effort in extending your influence to other parts of the world . 	to be fair , sometime people know how to role play as a certain country better than others , but i agree it should be limited . 
i mean it could work , or you could get in trouble for messing with youtube 's filter . probably not worth trying for just a title imo . 	it 's worth messing for for monetization , imo . not like the filter 's doing it 's job in this case anyway . 
but what if a friend of yours was having what they assume was a private conversation with you ? i 'd be pissed off if i knew my friend was letting her boyfriend read our chats . 	i 'd be pissed off if my boyfriend would n't let me read his chats . if you really need a private conversation , call . 
i 've tried it as soon as you post this , logged out and come back in but it appears nothing has happened . 	the same thing happened to me , i 'm assuming it falls under the third point in the list of issues in that thread . 
the same thing happened to me , i 'm assuming it falls under the third point in the list of issues in that thread . 	yep 3rd point - can only wait 
ooc : o . o who has a big mac for breakfast ? 	ooc : someone who needs a lot of calories : p 
ok so basically as suggested in this thread this not a mass market option . 	what if the purpose is n't for android users but for us windows phone enthusiasts ? we have limited hardware options now , what if we could buy a new galaxy note and flash it to windows ? 
if i want to buy my first smartphone with windows , is it worth to buy the lumia series or just buy an android phone then flash it to windows ? 	probably lumia series . they 're less likely to have problems since microsoft is the one making them . 
i thought gp usopp was rare machine only ? where do you farm him .  edit : holy crap gp usopp isnt a v2 wtf ? now i know lol 	you can evolve base usopp . make sure you chose evo with the crab in it 
is double g3 more preferable ? is the g2 recommendation based on the number of hits or the captains ability ? 	i guess g2 works just as well , in the video above he managed to get the bonus 1 - 2x times and even missed a doom , so the damage in that case with g2 would have been the same if not higher . 
 exactly the sort of thing im saying , morgan is unneeded and a waste of a spot when you could bring someone useful . 	come on , i know . i 'm pretty sure mi hawk going be super easy with two g3 luffy . it do n't really matter who i bring . 
a lot of the numbers and effects are unbalanced and i ca n't even understand where everything fits in because the design is quite poor .  good ideas , just needs a lot more thought put into it . 	yeah i knew the effects were going to be unbalanced , based all the numbers on my memory from playing the game . 
their abilities are not similar , so no . 	how come ?  uther has heal and omni has heal its basically the same hero .  and jaina has water elemental and blizzard , so they just copy pasted a jaina from wc3 , what a lazy developers . 
anyone who watched him face brock lesnar at mania xxx would beg to differ . it was like watching my dad get beat up . 	looked much better this year with wyatt honestly . 
what was going on with hhh 's leg during his match against sting ? it was getting blood red , and looked really bad and painful . 	just looked like a deep bruise to me . i 'd imagine that sort of injury is going to happen more often now that the led boards are on the ring apron . 
superstars is taped before raw . main event is taped before smackdown . both serve as dark matches to warm up the crowd . 	are they dark matches if they are recorded ? i always heard about dark matches , but just kinda assumed that they took place after the show . 
i like him but you 're absolutely right with the punches . his dropkick when his opponent is on the ropes looks awful too , they do n't move and he just takes a back bump . 	also , his rope trick . he does it at least three times a match . 
he said he is the reason that 15 , 000 people came here , and no one on any other sub can claim that . never mind wrestlemania season or the idea of exponential growth . 	i imagine wrestling is n't wrestling also bumped that number up a bit . 
do fans really want vince mcmahon to die so someone else can take over and possibly take the wwe in a new direction ? 	fan here . i do n't want anyone to die . 
i am a super casual fan . i do n't have time to watch a lot of wrestling . are there any curated playlists where i can watch a complete story arc ? 	upvoting cause this question is pretty cool . 
why wear a glove to a baseball game ? you might need it 	can you catch a foul wrestler with your title belt ? 
you either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villian .   	that 's what fame does to ya . 
why was goldberg so hugely popular ? 	it was fun to sit around , pop some brews and watch him spear motherfuckers 
he said he is the reason that 15 , 000 people came here , and no one on any other sub can claim that . never mind wrestlemania season or the idea of exponential growth . 	i do n't know about anyone else , but sting brought me back to wrestling , and that in turn brought me here . 
i 've been watching wrestling for a year and i still do n't understand how a tag partner leaping into the ring to break up a pin is a legal move . 	each team allowed to do it once , if you do it twice you get disqualified . 
can someone give me a date for when the summer of punk actually started ? i 'd like to go back and watch all the matches and promos from then . 	there were two summers of punk . the wwe one started on june 27th 2011 with the pipe bomb promo . the ring of honor one i forget , but there 's a dvd set you can buy fro the whole thing . 
whats the deal with the little tag rope ? the significance ? half the time its held , the other half not . seems like an old school tradition of some sort that lost its meaning . 	you have to hold it to be able to tag in though not everyone uses that . it 's so you do n't go too far from your corner . 
also , x - pac just looks like a scumbag . greasy hair . bandana . punchable face .    during the invasion angle , he was the only wwe star who was booed . 	lol i remember noticing that when rewatching invasion the last time i saw it . that one must have hurt the little guy when he got back to the locker room . 
holy shit . 	yeah . the resemblance is n't there so much anymore , though . 
thanks that makes sense . i enjoy the ross report but ya he sometimes sounds like a dick and a lot of times he seems more interested in putting himself over than letting his guest talk . 	yeah , that 's a really common complaint from fans . it 's a shame , because before his podcast he was almost universally loved . since then the iwc 's liking of him has dropped . 
metsfan has the most intriguing heel turn of 2015 , that 's for sure . 	i think it would qualify as x - pac heat . 
in my mind they need to add a green large enough to play cricket on it if they want to call this place a village ! 	or for it not to be situated near the centre of one of the largest cities in the world . 
do n't worry i 've seen some of our emergency eye wash stations flow rusty water before the clean water comes .  or better yet when one of them froze , tough luck that day . 	the ones in the high school science lab i work at need flushed every few months for this exact reason .  the emergency showers are the same way . 
yeah that shit does n't just fall from the fucking sky you know . 	in fact , if it 's raining then do n't use our valuable stations . go outside and look up . but shut the door because that costs us 15 dollars if you leave it open . 
yet another reason to always carry a knife ! 	yes , to stab the one that tie - wrapped that 
do n't worry i 've seen some of our emergency eye wash stations flow rusty water before the clean water comes .  or better yet when one of them froze , tough luck that day . 	sounds like part of some slapstick routine , or german safety video 
sorry typo ; tie - wrap 	hey did anyone see a joke fly overhead ? 
these things are expensive , you know ! honestly !  dick head . 	yeah that shit does n't just fall from the fucking sky you know . 
the ones in the high school science lab i work at need flushed every few months for this exact reason .  the emergency showers are the same way . 	this one needs to be flushed daily to keep build up down . 
no they 're playing like you are going to cut the poison out of your eyeball . 	ah yeah no i would n't do that with a knife . i got a titanium spork for that . 
none of the ones at my high school flush them . teachers even warn us that if we ever have to use the power - shower , we 'll be covered in disgusting water first . 	would n't it be easier to just , you know test it regularly ? 
i 'm not saying this is okay , but could you slide it downwards ? or does it not work that way ? i have n't seen that arrangement before . 	that 's what i was thinking at first too , but it appears op is yanking pretty damn hard . i do n't think he 's faking it for the karma . 
no , because then pac - man wont be so special . 	nor will inkling girl ! 
some increase their badass rank , so that at a flip of a switch you can buff all your abilities into a god - like state . 	some can also reset your ba rank , putting it back down to 0 
i would steal a news van . 	how would they report it ? 
it 's funny sexual violence tho , and it 's against terrorists so fuck em . 	cause fuck constitutional and basic human rights , amiright ? 
please cite the authority that allows you to force someone to stay alive so that you may continue to torture them . 	human rights ? 
you say it is torture . he said it is not . what would you do with a prisoner who refuses food and drink ? he must remain a prisoner and you cannot allow him to die . 	please cite the authority that allows you to force someone to stay alive so that you may continue to torture them . 
jokes on you . he has one of those water - backpacks with the tube hooked up to his anus all day , 	nope , he 'd drown with his head so far up there ! 
unlike what nation ? 	why defend america ? 
fuck the terrorists . 	they consider you a terrorist as well .  get in like for your anal rape , or stfu . 
i have no problem torturing members of aq . 	the problem is that several of them were innocent and not affiliated with aq .  edit : i think nobody is deserving of torture . what a twisted fucking mentality . 
how is that torture ? you know how much you would have to pay for that in a la spa ? 	even handjobs would be torture if the wrong person was doing it at the wrong time against your will . 
wasnt me , i only downvote spam and double posts . 	good lad . i very very rarely downvote . i only sometimes upvote . 
so does your tourism now mostly consist of germans digging up your beaches ? 	they also rent a lot of boats around my area , but yeah the islands are starting to move one bucket off sand at a time towards germany . 
and british stag parties . they are worse than weed tourist in my opinion . 	at least they speak english , so you can cuss 'em out and they 'll understand . 
you do n't always have your life jacket on ? you might end up randomly drowning man . 	drown ? if you ca n't survive a bit of water , you 're not a real dutchman . 
they also rent a lot of boats around my area , but yeah the islands are starting to move one bucket off sand at a time towards germany . 	those clever fucking germans . instead of invading your clay , they simply bring the clay back ! 
so does your tourism now mostly consist of germans digging up your beaches ? 	and british stag parties . they are worse than weed tourist in my opinion . 
maybe budget gaming pc can match console , but still i want to play on my ps4 , and browse internet on my notebook . 	trust me , tabbing out is amazing . steam actually allows you to open a browser in it overlay but it does n't work as well as a real browser . 
i feel like this only happens in varrock g . e . best thing you can do is ignore and report though . 	i was thinking about just wearing my expensive stuff to bring them out , record them in the process . 
do you want to eat out a lot , get groceries , drive home ? 	honestly those are the most important questions . and maybe do you plan to work off campus op ? 
honestly those are the most important questions . and maybe do you plan to work off campus op ? 	if they 're planning to do that their freshman year , then they should have already answered this question haha . starting a job your first quarter would be demanding . 
i 'm looking for a second set of wheels for my kid to drive , thanks for posting this . 	it 's just a reminder that there are cheap cars out there , and some are even good . 
5 '7 , ayy i 'm not short but i 'm sure as hell not tall 	same here , an inch would make a hell of a difference though . 
hey , could you guys stand up ? 	no but remember a short dude 's jab level is at your balls level so watch out 
we 're just describing what the original image is now ? are n't you supposed to make up a funny but plausible line that is clearly unrelated but makes sense ? 	that 's relation this is affirmation 
is n't this like the average height in the us ? is it considered short ? 	average height for a guy is 5 '9 in the us . do n't let this guy fool you , he is tall . 
we 're just describing what the original image is now ? are n't you supposed to make up a funny but plausible line that is clearly unrelated but makes sense ? 	we coming full circle brah , get ready . 
i thought i was 5 '6 for the longest time . then when i went to get measured for the military , the labeled me as 5 '5 and a half . it was a sad day . 	they steal height from you to force you into a lower weight bracket .   
short nigga but my dick tall . 	dick tall , money tallest . 
no clue it depends on your genes but how tall are your parents ? if your growth plates are n't fused you can do it , i would go to a doctor tbh cause it 's worth it imo 	short af unfortunately for me . yeah true i need to look into that before it 's too late lmao 
5 '6 crew reporting in ! 	at least you do n't have to worry about banging your head on shit . 
5 '6 crew reporting in ! 	5 '7 , ayy i 'm not short but i 'm sure as hell not tall 
they 're not conductive on the surface . unless you put a nail through the bag it wo n't be conductive . 	the black anti - static bags are usually conductive on the inside and outside . 
how long did it take to make again ? 	12 years , in case you did n't know . huehuehue 
both are sold , sorry man 	damn , it 's cool , happy cake day 
pink fuzz from beyond the pale ! i love grapefruit ! 	it 's a really nice beer . well worth picking some up . 
i bet that bathroom is a shit hole . 	punctuation aside , i agree . the 4 most likely groups to miss the toilet . 
i 'm a horrible shot . 	i 'm a great shot , i just choose to miss 
i 'm a great shot , i just choose to miss 	well i think i 'm far enough down so that no one will hit me . 
do you smoke hookah ? haha . people blow them . 	so if i blow a smoke ring from an e cig or an actual cig does that belong here aswell ? 
who are you most excited to see ? 	personally , i ca n't wait to see daniel bryan and dean ambrose . our little guy tagging along will be super happy to see john cena , though ! 
hello there ! welcome to the sub ! i 'm beth . great to meet you ! 	wonderful to meet you as well , beth ! 
hey there ! very nice to meet you . piano lessons i found can be very difficult , but it gets better as you go along . i tried self taught the first time around , but lessons are always worth it ! 	i 'm really liking them so far but you 're right that it can be hard ! 
hey there , thanks !  currently , i enjoying the unbeatable squirrel girl , spider - gwen , and sonic the hedgehog ! i 've actually got a large collection of sonic comics . 	you are very welcome !  those sound like some interesting reads 
40 bucks , i might give it a shit and bring it to the poker table , a mint a fruit and something else .  edit : it stays . 	by your edit i 'm assuming you got it ? how is it ? i 'd love to get one but do n't wanna drop the money on it without being sure . 
nato spends over 10 times as much on defence as russia does , nato accounts for about half of the entire globes defence spending . this desire for additional defence spending is nonsensical . 	take the us out of that and we 're fucked . the us is in effect defending us . if you do n't want to be in nato then head down to parliament and protest .   
considering the issues veterans have adjusting to the civilian jobs market , i do n't think that 's a good idea in the slightest . 	so what do you think about ukip 's policy of guaranteeing all veterans a job in certain areas , such as border control ? 
ughh no hate but for a male person those photos are pretty disturbing .  not like im a homophobe or something like this but still . 	disturbing how ? there 's nothing stereotypically feminine about them apart from the flowers . 
i always wondered why sometimes it would take so long for ppl to roll . 	self defense against trolls and vote - kick abusers 
this . it 's super annoying but the only way to prevent the abuse . 	but it also prevents legitimate kicks , ie someone who does nothing and lets everyone carry them . they do n't roll on loot so they ca n't get kicked and get free loot . 
i absolutely love it . surprisingly , it 's not super noticeable . my best friend came over yesterday and i had a rolled up sleeves , and i had to put my forearm in his face . 	lol , that 's pretty funny . i 'm glad you like it ! what made you pic ho - oh ? also mad props to whoever did it , the art is spot on . 
i feel the same way . pokemon was something that was there for me through tough times . reading this made me so happy ! 	stephanie white at deluxe tattoo in chicago was the artist . she 's magnificent at her job . hit her up if you 're ever in chicago . 
yeah , but a slam is specific tech . it is n't just going faster in general , it is a specialized drive that sucks power from other systems . 	in the lore , the x wing does that exact same thing .  edit : i think the b - wing does as well . 
sorry i think i 'm going to pass , the condition of both cards threw me off . 	all good , i understand . sucks that my nicest card is in so - so condition , but hey , what are ya gonna do right ? 
did you ring the number ? i 'm pretty sure it is still open but they sell all sorts of phone accessories now , too . 	no , i have n't yet . problem is i have no deactivated roaming here , i ca n't call anybody at all . i 'll just lend a friend 's phone probably . 
i saw one . not sure how i feel about the experience . broke down tonight and tried a nipple shield after many friends said to give it a try . he seems content . 	is your issue pain or insufficient supply ? 
some of us were raised in fire . some of us never knew these mystical days , of milk and honey , of calm conversation , of simple peace . 	forgive my ignorance , but is that from something or simply your own beautiful words ? 
there is no need to be upset .  did you watch the video ? 	oh , there is . i did n't it 's not avaliable in my country and i also do n't care . i had relatives who lived through this era and i do n't need youtube video to tell me what happened 
the systematic , industrial destruction of the european jews more than 5 mio . of whom did not survive . 	where did you get the 5 million number ? 
i called the number on the receipt and was able to cancel it , but i want to make sure nothing hits my credit afterwards . 	the other part i wouldnt really know how you can double check it . at least you were able to get rid of your first problem 
do you live together ? if so , then yes , you can be served at his residence . 	yes we have a house together . 
thin privilege is being able to jump more than 1 meter .  her right foot does n't even gain any height ! how can you be this bad at jumping ? 	easy , be fat 
how are land whales so bad at moving ? ! 	gravity does n't work horizontally . 
to be fair , the diving controls in gtav are counter - intuitive and retarded . 	pfft , gamepad is superior in that game , sans sniping . 
ah i see . thanks for the answer ! 	i do n't think it 's quite right , read my other reply . 
did that actually require you to be a gold member to play online though ? i thought you could with a free account . it was still shit in any case . 	in the beginning you had to have xbox live gold . 
red orchestra is something a friend of mine still plays a lot . should i pick it up ? 	red orchestra is a very realistic fps . if you dont like dying in one hit a lot , give it a pass . 
i like them it gives a gta iv feel . 	i call all of them niko and ask them if they want to go play darts . 
well look at you guys . showing off your free games . back in my day , i paid for team fortress 2 . 	how much did you get paid for your work on the boat ? 
mark my words : steam will sooner or later introduce a subscription . 	introducing paid mods costed them millions of dollars . i could n't imagine how much money they would lose if they introduced a paid subscription . 
to be fair , the diving controls in gtav are counter - intuitive and retarded . 	this is true , first significant thing i did in gta after the pc release was drown 
ok so im thinking base , today , then grabbing the others next pay day , will it effect my fps ?  and secondly should i hold out on not installing till i have all three ?  thanks 	any of them should provide you with an improvement on their own , just not quite as much as the combination . no reason to hold off on installation that i can see . 
can anyone tell me how to have saplings around without risking them growing into trees ? that seems like it 'd be useful here . 	i did it by planting saplings , and then putting a layer of soil above that . i used soil but any non - log block or half slabs should work . 
can anyone tell me how to have saplings around without risking them growing into trees ? that seems like it 'd be useful here . 	does it count as a sapling if you put them in flower pots ? 
i would go on national tv and play the brown noise so that everyone at once will shit their pants , sending the world into an instant apocalyptic society . 	set up an elementary school concert playing the recorder . broadcast it to the world and switch the brown note in for one of the regular notes . genius 
do you happen to know if uniqlo chinos ever go on sale ? 	no clue , i just buy them in - store . sorry ! 
interesting . i 'm not a lawyer . what are the consequences of a case being dismissed ? 	no consequence , afaik . 
do n't go high on random teams . i wonder if it 's worth to bet an icb on 228 . do they have any chance ? 	tier 6 team vs tier 6 team with odds 80 - 20 . enjoy underdog bet 
i think you are misinformed . there are no trade rumors . they are both impending free agents 	you 're right , i did n't mean to say trade , just not sure what the word is for the general exchange of players in the nba . 
i actually do not know what this is from or where to see a full version of it . this clip was all that was shown to me by a friend . i would really like to see more of it . 	it 's from a documentary about the making of star wars . 
what does that guy have to do with it ? 	he 's joe the plumber . 
sorry if i 'm being rude but i do n't think the scammers are going to listen to you . 	maybe one of the goals was for a scammer to read this and feel bad about what he 's done and stop his actions . we never know what could happen 
might 've been against me , we had a guy afk . three people always rushing our spawn . 	unlikely , i would have remembered if anyone on the enemy team had 0 points . still , yeah . that must have been frustrating . 
communicating with strangers in a friendly way , learning about things , and laughing at people who are more clever than me . 	you sound really submissive . 
do n't think it so much of an anime but song of the sea is worth checking out . loved redline by the way . the whole thing was hand drawn and it took them quiet a bit of time to make it . 	song of the sea is worth mentioning because story wise it 's very ghibli - like but the art style is very much its own thing . 
i beg to differ ! my revenant shader represents my commitment and complete devotion to dead orbit . i let them shit on me for 30 ranks before i was allowed into that club ! 	30 ? get out of my face . 
true . i was lucky enough to get revenant from dead orbit and it 's not often i see another with that shader . i transfer it between my three characters because i like not many people having it . 	lvl 20 nm , ive followed harry 's code to the book and still not been rewarded with a shader , 42 commendations await me for how to finally reward me xd 
why not have him sell brand new exotic shaders ? if they were at a price of like 50 sc then it could help keep them truly exotic also . 	50 strange coins would make it the most valuable thing in the game though , and that 's weird . 
arctic proxy looks really cool with hunter ce raid gear .  that 's a cool idea though for sure . 	it looks pretty great on my hunter . 
faction shaders should be sold by the factions , imo . 	i would buy a faction shader for 25 , 000 glimmer . it would be totally worth it 
i would buy a faction shader for 25 , 000 glimmer . it would be totally worth it 	you say that now . would you say the same a month or two after they sell it ? 
i have god of war from when i first hit crypt arch 6 i think . i 've had it for many months . i think i got it a month or two after launch . 	same also , got it shortly after getting the game and have n't seen one since . i do n't remember where or when i got it but all my friends are jelly 
i 'm pretty sure the inner circle was a pre order thing . it costs 1 glimmer from tess 	i 'm pretty sure it just comes with any of the collectors editions of the game . you could buy the digital guardian edition and have it right now . 
i 'll take one god of war , please and thanks . 	there are better shaders than god of war . it 's just straight cherry red . no accents . it kind of all blends together . 
is god of war shader hard to come by ? i randomly found it in my inventory , and dont ever remember earning , so i just assumed i bought it . 	you cannot buy it , mainly obtained from a crucible match . 
that works too i did n't know that was a thing at one point though and ive been here since day 1 	yeah her stock originally did n't change , then they added a few more to the pool for her . they could always do it again i 'm sure . 
wait how much is an ounce ? will it kill you ? 	think around a shot glass a day . no . 
if i rub lemon on myself it 'll keep the bugs away ? 	correct me if i 'm wrong but i think it does . i remember one summer my mom obliged us to put lemon juice on our arms to keep mosquitoes away . 
snap ? 	crackle ? 
that shit would send me into a rage . i 'm so glad the old nes controller could take a beating . the original game boy too . i ca n't tell you how many times my game boy got thrown i to a wall . 	y 'all have poor impulse control 
no , the first step is toward the kitchen 	but women are n't supposed to make first move ! 
not so easy when you 're 7 . 	i was seven . i 'll admit it did take me a day or two to figure it all out . but it definitely was n't impossible or overly difficult . 
if i rub lemon on myself it 'll keep the bugs away ? 	do n't do it . it 's really bad for you . 
i too , like to walk into bra 's 	that explains your work attire . 
years earlier he was given one pass at the lemon . the learning lasted a lifetime . he was a brilliant dog .   	my dog inexplicably does this to the word toothpaste . 
i hope he did n't wipe it in his eye . 	i kept yelling for the dude to stop him . come on man . 
i do n't understand how the dirt does n't fall out . 	that 's what i came here to find out . 
wait , you can get high smoking stems ? since when ? 	if you have low tolerance . i used to do it when i was in highschool , but i tried recently with no effects .   
aw man ! i read that book back in like 6th grade but i did n't know there was a movie too 	find it . watch it . 
sadly , nowadays , it 'd probably be considered abuse and the school official would lose their job and there would be a lawsuit . 	true . granted , i was happy for something to hold my pants up . why girls now want guys to see their underwear is beyond me . 
takes balls to be a being a whistle blower in conservative run britain . fair play to him for taking his concerns public . 	i 'd head for another country 's embassy if i were him . he 's a brave man 
yeah , but tim was pretty ooc that fight , and dick was trying to talk him down instead of put him down , and was also unarmed . 	he was n't that ooc . just a bit angry . 
i see , but this would n't really be a regular thing would it ? it would n't give security 	a phd is not mandatory to teach in university .   
or you can farm while farming , cook while cooking , feed fish while feeding fish and waste an entire day without having a life 	only the chosen one could ever say something so wise . tell us , what is the meaning of life ? 
try flying dutchman by boom sap . it 's very good . 	where can i get it ? i 'll give er a shot . 
this . this is not a public action situation , it 's a lawsuit situation . 	true , but it would be nice if this case was brought to the public attention . these school administrators are starting to believe they are kings of their own little countries . 
that sucks , also i went to his high school 's rival school . small world . 	you marcus person you . 
school systems are running on a paper thin budget , and their administrators are simply doing what they can do enhance their financial situation .  this is extortion in its purest form . 	and yet it 's a pretty good way to lose some funding . 
dear lord . i opened the link just to read the name of the high school i graduated from . - _ - keepin it classy flower mound . 	was it flower mound for the sign issue at the basketball game ? 
as a teen , i would have gladly taken the suspension and included a copy with explanation in all of my college application essays . 	at the proper school i can see this being a boon rather than a bust . 
dear lord . i opened the link just to read the name of the high school i graduated from . - _ - keepin it classy flower mound . 	i live in the area . sad to see this happening . i hope it works out for him ! 
oh well , hope your foot is alright though . 	it mostly is . it did n't heal entirely correctly because i had dangerously low vitamin d levels , but it 's much better now . i ca n't crack my big toe though . 
fuck yellow cab , those guys suck and are terrible drivers . 	and apparently they murder witnesses too . i hope you find another witness op , this really sucks . 
these days we run great risk of breaking shit that way . 	ive never broken anything while figuring it out . im also a mechanic so i know a thing or two about knowing when to stop applying pressure haha 
i understand . it 's just hard like i said . i guess the best thing is to just let her do this on her own then , as tempting as it is to try and help 	trust me my friend . i know this pain all too well . it 's a long hard road .   
long story short , the guy is a winner . 	and on his way to a second calder , which would be great 
protection and favour .  what may i pray for you , friend ? 	i will keep you in my prayers , sir . and thank you for offering to pray . could you please pray for me to grow a better relationship with god ? 
i will keep you in my prayers , sir . and thank you for offering to pray . could you please pray for me to grow a better relationship with god ? 	consider it done , friend 
purity in thought , action , and words . please . 	sir , could you pray the same thing for me ? 
i 'm glad the new cryptarch has a convenient suicide ledge right behind him . 200 motes spent and i did n't get jack shit . 	you just made me realize i have to go see my boy rahool . new cryptarch has n't spread any love to me . not feeling him . rahool however has come through in clutch moments ! 
what are weird things you do as an autistic person ? 	i act normal . 
is the meet up this weekend fuckers ? 	uh , sure ?  i have to do the day drinking . work nights . 
ok i gotta get in on this , if i can get on a plane next time . 	ha !  if you can make it , i will buy the first round , after that it 's all on you . i 'm poor . 
who has faith in kendrick today ? 	i do . just the feeling i get , though . 
so what 's everyone planning to drink tonight ? is it sad i ca n't watch this team without booze 	it 's a friday night i ca n't watch anything without some booze . 
soooo i am on my way to the game . is the tv saying the rain is gonna pass because it is raining on us now . 	where are you coming from . it looks beautiful at the ballpark . and blue skies in thornton . 
so what 's everyone planning to drink tonight ? is it sad i ca n't watch this team without booze 	i 'm in denver next month . ca n't wait . missed it . 
so what 's everyone planning to drink tonight ? is it sad i ca n't watch this team without booze 	old chub nitro scotch ale . 
that pack is beast . i 'd love a pack a pack with 4 playable gold cards . i would n't even care about the legendary at that point . 	yeah , you can probably guess my reaction when i saw him open it , really happy for him though since he started playing oil rogue recently . edwin is super nice . 
i bet anonymous knows why kids love the taste of cinnamon toast crunch . 	do they know why it 's called apple jacks if it does n't taste like apples ? 
that 's the same address where abe lincoln once lived . coincidence ? what else does anon know ? 	i bet anonymous knows why kids love the taste of cinnamon toast crunch . 
but it would make a fun miniseries . 	all i 've ever wanted is a band of brothers style world war z miniseries . 
water temple . just . water temple 	eh i found the water temple tedious but it was n't hard . boss was pretty easy too . 
he totes failed to bring balance to the force . 	technically he did , 2v2 is way more balanced than the jedi to sith ratio prior to episode 3 . 
he totes failed to bring balance to the force . 	there were more good jedi than sith . 
you should n't need anything . can you give me some more information , such as your operating system ? 	windows 7 64 bit , the problem i 've got i explained in comment below . 
you 'll definitely want a relay to control the outlet . 	depends on how comfortable you are with high power electronics . i recommend wireless outlet switches to most people just because they are completely isolated . 
very good chance jimmy butler is more confident in himself than you seem to be . 	nah i like butler and think he 's gonna be even better next year , maybe im just used to taking the safe route 
thank you ! sorry for taking the tulips . i put them back right away ! : d 	no problem . enjoy the flowers and if you can rate my rmm page 
thank you ! this is the only hybrid i was missing ! : d i 'll visit your rmm now . 	no problem , enjoy 
may i have a pair of black cosmos , please ? 	sure , let me finish the first trade 
i mentioned it in another thread . henderson got taken off of the 40 man as well , but that was like a week ago . 	if we end up getting some aged veteran just to put butts in seats i 'm gonna be pissed . 
that actually makes a lot of sense . i 'd be surprised if riker was n't under special order to keep an eye on picard . 	i think he had bro orders from picard himself to do that !   
they could have the tribes go head to head in challenges with a big wall separating them . that way they can still be seen competing against the other tribe and not just timed . 	or just make every challenge blindfolded . 
the tsa is a government agency with their own jurisdiction . they most certainly can enact a set of laws within said jurisdiction . 	did you ever learn government and civics ? in the united states , on a federal level , only congress can make the laws !  go back to school and actually learn something ! 
you have got to be kidding me . read the whole thing i did n't steal anything , it 's what i do for work asshole 	so you job is to swap tags on items to see if you can get away with it ?  it looks like you ripped off the company you worked for . 
idk man , there 's a lot to consider with this sort of question . 	so you 're saying the safest answer is maybe ? 
are you staying up for the game today ?   	hell yeah man , got money that the birds are getting turned into some kfc .  gonna be on hangouts for it , you ? 
make a gif or reduce video length by at least 20 sec . 	it 's only 32 seconds long total : p thats not too bad lol 
woops sorry wrong box d : coming back online , was just adding someone 	so i got a communication error and i had to re - hatch the egg to see if the trade went through . i did n't . i did a soft reset again 
you waste the time of 9 people because you disagree with strat your team is trying ? if there is n't a penalty for that there fucking should be . 	wasting a small amount of time for 9 people might be better than wasting a large amount of time for 5 people if their team comp is literal garbage . 
got it , greatly appreciate it ! like these guys said , give us a heads up next time you drop some content and we 'll be at the ready with donations . 	awesome ! will do man , you have no idea how much i appreciate that . 
i love how everyone missed the part where the article says apple has not been issued a permit to test self - driving vehicles . 	they only need a permit if they 're gonna actually let it drive itself . anyone can attach a bunch of sensors to their car and drive it around and simulate what the car would have done later on . 
perhaps they are using video instead of photos . better clarity and the frames can be split up individually as photos . 	that would actually be pretty interesting if they went that route . the navigation would be able to show you a preview of each turn in full video . 
but then it would n't be an apple - developed self - driving car , which was my point . 	but it can in fact be apple - developed self - driving car , testing it on the other hand . 
there 's no way this has to do with any self - driving car . there is no reason to be out and about with this before its announced . 	you ca n't think of any reason to have a self driving car go driving at any point during testing ? really ? 
without announcing that they 're working on it , no i do n't think they would be testing on public roads . public being the key word here . 	you 're out of your element , donny . 
i love how everyone missed the part where the article says apple has not been issued a permit to test self - driving vehicles . 	according to other sources apple does n't need permission for a self - driving car if they 've leased it from one of the companies that is permitted . 
why would anyone ask rob anything about technology ? his track record is pretty sad ! 	if you can act like you know something many people will believe it . 
nate solder totw is a great block but he is pretty awful at running and catching . 	he has some great catches if he is covered by lbs or small safety . he plows people on screens 
title misleading . 	five photos , an album does not make . 
hey i used to have the dell case on the bottom right ! man what a piece of shit that was .  edit : the contents of the case were shit , the case did a pretty decent job at keeping them inside . 	youd be surprised what parts for them go for now on ebay d : i need to start parting these out to fund my next build . 
y 'all are weak if you have n't played a game for 5k hours : p 	i have seen some steam reviews with he reviewers game time . damn its like they only play games and nothing else . 
this is my dream . you 're one lucky person . 	the m5 is a coworker 's car . i was just over at his house today and snapped a picture 
there 's a difference between getting drunk every night and taking vitamins . 	of course there is , but the broad audience still draws a clear line between alcoholism and drug abuse . 
lmfao people think this is roasting ?  his roast game is weak af . look at how this dumbass is wearing the beanie he looks like a fucking gnome . 	your roast game needs some work . 
56k in two years is almost below avg income . 	well he only averaged like 500 viewers a stream , right ? that seems pretty good for such a small fanbase . 
would n't even call him a tryhard . he 's actually pretty bad at this game lol . 	im not talking about his gameplay im talking about his attitude . dude still acts like a teenager . tryhard as fuck 
56k in two years is almost below avg income . 	keep in mind that his stream will have been growing over the course of those two years . it 's likely that a lot more than half of that will have come from just the second year . 
56k in two years is almost below avg income . 	i 'm pretty sure that is just from ads , maybe from subs too , but not donations . although i 'm sure someone can correct me as i was n't watching . 
you do realize this is leading to a big show - kane match at a ppv right ? 	maybe big show will turn face then . 
he did n't turn face . he was upset at kane that they got in a fight during the royal rumble . he 'll still be a heel on monday . 	you do realize this is leading to a big show - kane match at a ppv right ? 
separate .  teams . 	separate team means nothing , they just ditch the old team and move members with some minor changes like name and create a new team .   
high five to my whale brethren . 	hold on i 'll catch you in 10 hours , right after work . 
both do not look nerdy enough . 	because garfield looked like a total nerd . 
why ? why would somebody even pay such money for a defender ? 	200k is a bit excessive , but defenders tend to be expensive in north america because they are quite rare . 
i do n't like how much he modded the body , still sick tho . 	pretty sure the only jeep part is the grill . its in a pretty competitive modified class . 
i know . i just ca n't miss out on an opportunity to make fun of dunn . 	it 's like kissing the ass of a vinny ! 
given that i 've seen like 20 people post images like this yesterday , probably not . 	one of the first 100 is still awesome for a loz game : p 
do n't dodge !  simple as that 	so it 's only one icon for this gamemode ? is there a minimum number of games you have to play or win ? 
so it 's only one icon for this gamemode ? is there a minimum number of games you have to play or win ? 	dont dodge . one game is enough afaik . you miss the fun if you dont play more 
enemy has direct line of sight on you and shoots you the bug is where ? 	re - watch the video and tell me you did n't spot what just happened 
re - watch the video and tell me you did n't spot what just happened 	you got killed by a boomer that had direct line of sight on you ? 
so ? i believe in freedom for free people . fuck prisoners . if they 're in jail they have no business being on facebook and there are only so many ways to punish those assholes . 	yeah that works out just great until the state decides they want to imprison you just to silence you . see how that 's a slippery slope ? 
i thought it was a female . bonus guess the gender ? 	i think you 're right , but i ca n't tell .  if it is , that 's the most action it has had in awhile . 
he 's asking for our advice . and in my opinion : hold off on the n64 and go for the wave 4 amiibo . charizard and wario will be commons everyone else will be rare as hell ! 	why do you think charizard will be common ?  is it because he 's a pokemon ?  lucario is a pokemon and he is n't common . : q 
i did n't disconnect . i have a program monitoring my latency and at no point did it drop . i was able to issue emotes in - game via right clicking . 	to check if you disconnected in hs , you have to change the card back in the options and when the other card back is shown on the table , then you are still connected . otherwise , you are not . 
face palm lol i fixed that just now but total old does not work . it does not update it stays current value . 	then you changed something else as well . post the code you are currently using . 
unique passive : slows only for kalista ? 	unique active : whenever i get my ass kicked by a champion it needs to get nerfed - this post . 
what did her doctor or therapist say about her depression ? has the medication she 's been prescribed been helpful at all ? 	she has said that she is depressed and is just taking some otc anti - depression stuff . 
you 're welcome ! glad it 's helpful . i 'll be posting the other color groups in the future . 	i 'm looking forward to the blues ! : d 
thanks for doing this ! i would love to see the run downs for the other colors ! 	you 're welcome ! glad it 's helpful . i 'll be posting the other color groups in the future . 
made a pretty decent tv movie in '95 , too . a different take , but it hits a lot of the same notes . 	i did not know that . same title ? 
ordered a copy on amazon . it looks amazing . thanks ! 	i loved the trilogy , and hope you do , too .  if you remember after you read it , report back ! 
i loved the trilogy , and hope you do , too .  if you remember after you read it , report back ! 	haha , will do ! it looks like so far , there are 5 books out in the series ? with a 6th one maybe on the way ? 
but oh , what a short story it is . 	made a pretty decent tv movie in '95 , too . a different take , but it hits a lot of the same notes . 
what was it ? have n't read the book in years 	it 's in the linked article . 
love hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy opening . it starts off so grand and then ends with something so trivial . pretty much his style for the whole brilliant book . 	what was it ? have n't read the book in years 
damn it . i was planning to see it this weekend . 	ive been putting this one off for 20 freaking years and i just bought tickets for tomorrow 's showing last week .  fml 
that 's 20 years in case anyone was wondering . 	its like you read the article too . 
haha this way my reaction to ! i 'm glad to see i 'm not the only one who laughs at the mention of fax in 2015 . 	i start to cry personally . 
so there are no chest pull exercises whatsoever ? 	no , the chest is used for pushing while the back is used for pulling 
there are plenty of powerful women in the x - men films , and agents of shield seems to be bringing some into the mix . but wonder woman would be the first to carry her own movie , yes . 	agents of shield is an impressively diverse show . about half the team are women , there 's two black guys , an asian person and 3 british people . 
or that she 's a clay statue given life by hera . i 'm curious which one they 'll use .  although i 'd be perfectly fine with a non - origin movie as well . 	they 've stated that they 're going with zeus . 
justice league part 1 is a movie that comes out in 2017 after the wonder woman movie .  it 's not batman v superman . 	and yet , batman vs superman has basically every hero from that eventual movie in it , so it may as well be justice league 0 . 
i too am sad at the casting . is n't wonder woman supposed to be muscular ? 	wonder woman should look like a female figure or physique level model . about 6 foot flat . this woman is none of those things . 
oh wow , there 's british people ? how progressive ! 	pretty sure there are more british people in hollywood than there are in britain at this point . 
of the big 3 of dc , she is the one who would kill a motherfucker dead if he needs to be de - lived . 	the funny thing is that in the golden age she was the only one who would n't kill . 
oh great , because the first one was n't shallow enough . we get 2 more movies with zero actual substance . so pumped ! 	wrong , it 's three sequels being filmed simultaneously . 
she must be an amazing actor , because i would n't want to be the cgi guy who has to make sure that her eyes look crystal blue every time she 's on screen . 	i do n't think they 'll change her eye color . no need to . it 's not an important part of the character . 
go read her damn wikipedia entry . magic all the way down . to claim otherwise is inaccurate and pedantic . 	wiki . edited by idiots like you . what an amazing source . 
stuff like this is why people say reddit is sexist . who cares about her acting , or the fact that it 's a women lead in a superhero movie , there are tits to stare at . 	pretty sure everyone agreed they 'd go gay for aquaman yesterday , does that make reddit homophobic ? 
fall of this year . her film comes out in 2017 . 	she 's films must take a lifetime to edit . 
alright , so maybe shazam or black adam would be a better example . 	is n't shazam just a kid who transforms into a super buff dude ? with lightning powers i know but still . 
i wonder what the dc haters are going to argue about next . that they dont have a black female lead movie ? 	that 's where what 's her name from justice league unlimited comes in . what 's her name again ? the one who was dating green lantern . 
same thing with avatar 's three sequels , the next one is due 2017 , pushed from 2016 , and the next two after that for 2018 and 2019 . 	oh great , because the first one was n't shallow enough . we get 2 more movies with zero actual substance . so pumped ! 
there are plenty of powerful women in the x - men films , and agents of shield seems to be bringing some into the mix . but wonder woman would be the first to carry her own movie , yes . 	what about super girl ? 
she does n't write at all . she 's a director . 	okay , i concede . i was mistaking her for vanessa taylor . i 'm only human , but i 'm sure some assholes will keep downvoting me even after i claim defeat . 
she 's getting a show , maybe gets to play with barry and ollie . 	arrow and flash are currently to gr8 shows on tv , if supergirl is in same universe it would be fantastic for audience 
do n't forget jesse eisenberg as lex luthor . 	oh god i forgot . what the hell . 
agents of shield is an impressively diverse show . about half the team are women , there 's two black guys , an asian person and 3 british people . 	let 's be honest , they only introduced the second black guy to allow them to kill off the first black guy . 
the photos of her as wonder woman came out months ago . what exactly is there left to wait for , genius ? 	her acting ability . probably the most important part . 
even if she did , she ca n't grow or bulk up properly for this role . 	ehm , why not exactly ? she 's already quite the badass in real life what makes you think she could n't gain some muscle ? 
how did she gets this role . isnt she some kind of a model and not an actor . 	looking good is enough for a movie like this - sells good 
the article says she appears in batman vs superman and then starts filming wonder woman in the fall . so is it the fall of 2016 , not this year ? 	fall of this year . her film comes out in 2017 . 
really excited to see some female super powered heroes . 	i loved hathaway 's catwoman , i thought she did a great job . 
i dunno , if she has super strength , does it really matter ? 	amazon women are big . 
i hope you get help for your aspergers . 	how does knowing a director give you that impression ? 
well , you 're supposed to believe she 's the daughter of zeus , so there 's that . 	or that she 's a clay statue given life by hera . i 'm curious which one they 'll use .  although i 'd be perfectly fine with a non - origin movie as well . 
stuff like this is why people say reddit is sexist . who cares about her acting , or the fact that it 's a women lead in a superhero movie , there are tits to stare at . 	til mentioning that someone who does n't have much of a career in acting , is attractive makes you sexist . 
i watch all comic book franchise films for their oscar winning performances . 	performances matter . i 'm not demanding that it be the next godfather , but a lousy actress could tank the whole thing . 
i dunno , if she has super strength , does it really matter ? 	you could say the same thing about superman but we 've never had a thin man play superman before . 
why ? there are tons of different representations of all comic book characters , this is no different . they change all the time . 	because you ca n't expect a stick to be a super hero . 
ehm , why not exactly ? she 's already quite the badass in real life what makes you think she could n't gain some muscle ? 	because she needs to look like a female line backer . we went from amazon beauty to starbucks barista 
can we save judgment for when we see her on the big screen ? remember how people were flipping shit when heath got the joker role . 	exactly , and if the only complaint is that she 's too thin , hello , gym . christian bale was way skinnier then she is and then he was batman . 
there should be no ads with sound , what ad did you receive with sound ? 	i ca n't quite remember since i just shut down the tab after hearing the sound , are you sure you do n't have any video ads ? 
i 'm getting the invalid snapchat login page no matter what account i enter in . i know that both of the accounts work , and are not blocked . what else could be ? 	is there a way to make a test . php file to make sure snapchat can even connect ? 
i am having the same issue let me know if you figure out a solution ! 	hey ,  i only saw your message now . in case you did n't see it yet , i replied to you in the comments .  good luck ! 
i was able to complete all the steps , but my snapchat account is not opening the snaps i send it and not posting to story . any idea what 's wrong ? 	now it opens the snap , but does n't post it to story unless i manually approve it . i have it set to false 
i was able to complete all the steps , but my snapchat account is not opening the snaps i send it and not posting to story . any idea what 's wrong ? 	same problem except it wont accept my snapchat name so i cant pass that step : s  
riot wants people to buy rp for additional champs and boosts . it 's a part of their business model . 	buying ip boosts is n't that great either , its feels like you are wasting money on any one of their boosts . 
roc strikes and buy a helmet is best way to go , vog gear is only level 30 . 	still though , a vog helmet could get him to lvl 31 . enough to raid crota and get a 36 helmet eventually . 
still though , a vog helmet could get him to lvl 31 . enough to raid crota and get a 36 helmet eventually . 	he wo n't get a vog helm unless he does hard , which he ca n't do at 26 . roc strikes and buy one is guaranteed . 
but why not play a little and study later ? 	you 're satan . thankfully i 'm not a gamer , hahaha .  edit : just read your username , lol . xd 
bullshit . stuff tastes like moldy death . 	i love the grape flavor . i 'd drink it even if it did n't get me high . 
he has not been a boss in ages so not sure where you get that idea , but i doubt he is the last boss , since he is playable , and bosses in mk are rarely playable . 	i feel like he 's been a scape goat for a while now . a plot device more or less , that 's what i meant . 
the do n't use that product . 	ca n't avoid that with my line of work . it 's not like microsoft is hurting for cash . 
thats sooo nice , how much was that one ? did you buy it in seattle ? im a bay area ent that 's a seahawks fan and i 've dreamed of pieces like this but i 'd never find them here 	cigar usa in totem lake , washington 
premarital sex and birth control . that 's two serious sins . you 're just being efficient ! 	why would she , a teenage mother , be opposed to birth control ? i 'm not even a teenager for crying out loud . i do n't where she 's getting this whole purity thing . 
how exactly did your sister 's tuition become your problem ? 	my mother says it 's my responsibility because we 're family . i was a government scholar from high school onwards , btw . 
this is crazy ! you would think that because microsoft tries so hard to support android that they would support windows phone back . 	google is a very shady and shitty company . what makes it worse is how many people think exactly the opposite . 
that does n't change the degree to which it is stupid . i could choose 4gb of ddr2 ram for video editing , but its probably a rather horrible idea 	he 's picking really good equipment . why do you buy a 970 vs a 980 because you think you 're smart because you got a cheaper card a little worse performance 
what would you need sli 980s or that much ram for ? 	neither are stupid choices if you 're going to use them .  sli 980s is for beastly gaming .  32 gb memory would be great for video editing .  i also doubt this computer exists though . 
i hate the unskippable cutscenes where the game suddenly slows down in halo 3 . mass effect 2 and 3 are the worst in unskippable cutscenes , though . 	remember that it could always have been worse . 
3 is the only good halo game not on pc though . besides there are definitely other games better than halo . definitely some of the most fun you could have on a console . 	halo : reach forge was awesome with friends . 
technically ram is considered volatile memory , while hard drives are non volatile . 	this is also true . i thought have included those terms too . 
i have my os and programs on my ssd and only use my hdd for storing videogames and media . would ssd caching make a difference ? or should i just leave things be ? 	it would probably cut load times if you have remaining space on your ssd unused that you wo n't end up using 
it 's cool . i make more offensive jokes in person . 	eh , no need to get the panties in a bunch , the joke was extremely tasteless , it 's not even offensive . 
i have never seen any one hack in portal 2 multiplayer , does that count ? 	well , the whole point of hacking is to gain an advantage over others , and since portal 2 mp is co - op , i do n't really know if it counts . 
i am saying that the engine is what distinguish good from excellent games . a tf2 in source is good in source 2 will be phenomenal . 	why ? what changes will be made to the actual game ? 
lmao , second person to bring this up on this subreddit 	it 's a character thing , perhaps that is why . 
overwatch has been announced for months , what happened these past few days that made everyone freak out about it ? 	a group of major tf2 people were invited to play it . 
i 'm sorry but , assuming you meant it as serious as you worded it , you have zero clue what you are talking about . 	all i see is a bunch of people getting defensive over a dying game .  tf2 is the next sc2 . a dying game that ca n't be saved . 
see the cons to that we will get rid of all the f2p 's in tf2 for some time .  i would hope forever but that just to good to be true . 	dae people who do n't pay valve are bad and should leave tf2 ? 
what if overwatch is just a tiny portion of project titan ? 	i believe that it originally was part of titan as a pvp mode , but since they ended up canceling project titan they pulled overwatch out as a standalone game . 
if it 's not f2p i ai n't playing it . otherwise , well maybe tf2 is getting some stiff competition . 	oh this is the best with ow all the f2p 's will be gone from the game ! finally . 
are you saying the engine upon which a game is played is more important than the actual gameplay ?  if so , i ca n't agree with that sentiment at all . 	i am saying that the engine is what distinguish good from excellent games . a tf2 in source is good in source 2 will be phenomenal . 
overwatch being f2p is , in my opinion , really the only way it would be able compete with tf2 long - term . 	yeah . with a pay to play overwatch , the tf2 community might die a little , but there will always be a flood of new players . 
i mean , blizzard has kind of a good security to the point of people making jokes about hitmen killing people trying to even scratch their anticheat . 	i guess . but new games mean new holes . 
i just opted in for beta , it seems to be free . i 'm not sure about it . 	beta can be free but you will have to buy the full release . 
appreciate all the pics but can we get some sources ? 	wish i had it . i will post and ping you if i find it . 
laying in bed most of the day ! i have a day off from school today , so a 3 day weekend . i 've been really stressed so this is actually awesome . 	i just had strep throat this week and as much as i hate missing out on the money it was a much needed break .  enjoy ! 
i think it might be a win win for both as well . i do n't think mariota will do well with the jets . i think his best chance at success is with chip . 	pretty much . i would say a ton of fans that wanted to stick with foles before the big moves . now it is more about getting mariota to fit the system 
pretty much . i would say a ton of fans that wanted to stick with foles before the big moves . now it is more about getting mariota to fit the system 	if a trade does happen , i do n't know that i want foles . i think i 'd rather have picks . want to try to sell him to me ? 
where did you buy it from ? it it 's from steam just right click and choose update . what version are you currently running ? there has n't been any updates in months . 	i bought it from steam , but there is n't an update option 
what about high tier ? 	it 's like low tiers but your shells cost more . 
what about high tier ? 	same but you can fire all over the map , and do 4 - 500 dmg a shot instead . 
you can actually buy a spare if you want to . normally , a patch kit , a can of fix o flat , and a compressor will be ok most of the time . 	do you keep the spare in your trunk ? you just run with no trunk space ? 
i for one would never buy an autonomous car . i already use one often , it 's called the bus . 	me neither , i 'm not sure if i 'm ever buying a car at all . i do like to drive , but in my country it 's just not necessary . 
i was always under the impression that it was used to fit more people into the garden . 	well they need to go back to the garden if thats the case . idk what it is , but it gives off an indy , in - your - face feel . it makes things that much more intense . and it saves money too 
i 'll go five and a half , but that 's my final offer . take it or leave it . 	most i can go is five and a quarter . 
what was the date of this raw ? is it on the network and why do they never do raw from msg anymore ? 	november 16th , 2009 
well they need to go back to the garden if thats the case . idk what it is , but it gives off an indy , in - your - face feel . it makes things that much more intense . and it saves money too 	they do n't save money performing in msg , it 's really expensive to put on shows there and even more so to broadcast it . 
the cops are bad , they are enforcers of wage slavery . sorry your box is so filled with your shit . 	no , you 're just a edgy teenager , and if you 're not , then grow the fuck up . 
the best , most charitable thing you could say about that guy is he 's incompetent . if that 's the case he really has no business being out on the street with a gun . 	other than being cop . 
if it 's happened so many times , find some god damned examples ! if what you say is true , it should be no problem finding examples . 	are you lost ? do you know what subreddit you are in ? just scroll down a bit i 'm pretty sure you can find some examples . 
pet dogs become feral tigers when police kill someone and need them to be the excuse . 	that kind of ridiculous generalization is why people blindly hate police officers . 
i do n't care if that person was a cop , a criminal or the fucking king of france : if somebody killed my wife , god would n't be able to save them .   	except the wife was assaulting the husband for the second time in a number of days in front of their 4 year old . they were getting divorced too . 
to suggest a da is anything but a member of the police force is silly . 	that is a gross oversimplification of our legal system and the politics that go on behind the scenes . 
not blaming her at all , just providing background . learn the difference . 	irrelevant background with the intent of making her look guilty of something and somehow deserving of being killed . why not list her sat scores ? that 's background too . 
but we have to believe the cops story and the neighbors story until we find out which one is lying . you 're just assuming the neighbor is telling the truth . 	what neighbor ? not the one that is listed in the da 's report . 
why do people categorize the entire us when discussing this sort of thing . and where in the us can you be jailed for blocking a punch from a cop ? 	getting jailed would be only in the whitest of areas . most police will assemble a few brothers in blue and beat you half to death for daring to block their punch . 
nothing like a good old circle jerk about cops being bad ! actually i hate every single person who does that and ca n't think outside of their shitty little box . 	the cops are bad , they are enforcers of wage slavery . sorry your box is so filled with your shit . 
agreed . we are the worst . there are lots of other countries like this as well . but a few countries have it right . 	the us is far , far from the worst country for anything . what 's horrifying is how surprisingly bad a lot of things are , when really there is no reason for them to be . 
not a cop lol , im just saying . im not gonna get seriously injured by a dog when i have a means to protect myself . 	is n't that the point , though ? should n't we hold police to a higher standard ? and if not , then why is their bar for prosecution so much higher than everyone else ? 
when he was done killing the wife , did he finish off the dog ? or did his need for blood fade ? 	do you always take the first news source you read as fact and make assumptions ? 
thats a crazy assumption . you cant downplay the threat of the dog like that . 	rofl funny how everyone else on the planet manages no navigate around their community without having to kill dogs all the time . 
but should we believe that he was actually bitten ? just saying he was bitten does n't make that a reality . without video of the incident why should we believe him ? 	the report says there is photos of the bite . video of the entire thing and at least one witness who saw the cop being attacked and knocked to the ground by the dog . 
sometimes reddit needs a nice hard smiling slap in the face to understand that you ca n't make assumptions about stuff you do n't know . 	like the assumption that you 're the one for the job . 
i 've been attacked by a dog before and it left a large scar on my leg and yet my record for number of mothers i 've shot is a staggering none . 	and that was your decision to risk your life . i assume you were carrying a gun during the attack though , right ? otherwise your anecdote is completely invalid . 
he did n't choose to accidentally fire his weapon . that 's silly . 	he did when he took it out of the holster and put his finger on the trigger . that 's how doing things works , you decide to do them . 
bro , you ca n't just go around calling a bunch of blonde - haired , blue - eyed people the master race . 	yeah , we ca n't call ourselves that . we 're supposed to simply internally recognize it as such . 
there is no way that this is n't a case of negligent homicide . this has to stop with police placing themselves above the law with the help of the da offices . 	i 'm assuming you read the memo that the das office created where they layout the element of that crime and why they were n't satisfied here before you came to that conclusion right ? 
it takes a dog whose familiar with the sound not to freak out when they hear a gun shot .  i imagine this pooch ran away . 	my dogs go crazy when they hear anything like a gunshot . they 're not running away from it . if anything , they 'd attack him faster . 
if we charge cops like we do civilians , they will choose not to get involved . you will have effectively disbanded your police force . 	the nypd strike showed that may not be that bad . 
but if the cop missed the dog , and the dog was vicious and attacking him , then surely the cop should 've died in the vicious dog attack which he was n't able to stop , no ? 	the dog was also shot . 
yes , in a perfect world . we are dealing with humans though , not some government robot trained to perfection for 50k a year . 	should we not hold those public servants who we trust with enforcing the law to a higher standard , especially with regards to the use of lethal force , and the safe operation of their tools ? 
this is true but the fact it happened at all is enough to demand justice .   	then we agree on something . but truth before justice . we ca n't just whip out pitchforks right away . 
i 'm assuming you read the memo that the das office created where they layout the element of that crime and why they were n't satisfied here before you came to that conclusion right ? 	i did . and the da followed the strict letter of the law . the law needs really to read written . 
but seriously , how convenient is this for the guy who was going to divorce his wife ? 	no court or fees . he dodged a bullet . 
but if the cop missed the dog , and the dog was vicious and attacking him , then surely the cop should 've died in the vicious dog attack which he was n't able to stop , no ? 	it takes a dog whose familiar with the sound not to freak out when they hear a gun shot .  i imagine this pooch ran away . 
maybe they will choose to be more careful when they have a gun out of its holster . 	he did n't choose to accidentally fire his weapon . that 's silly . 
yeah i do n't understand this guy either . the barf link below is pretty interesting - he made an almost identical post there late last year and the comments went to 26 pages . 	it feels like he 's trying to sell something . i hope he ends up back here to clear things up , but he 's probably not coming back . 
oh man i thought you 'd have it by now . what 's holding you back ? 	also money . 
i have n't forgotten about that wheelie video you owe me . april is almost here 	if i buy that sv soon , you bet your buttons i 'll get you that wheelie vid . 
it 's pretty indicative of the sort of reasons people do n't like the su or student governance in general , nothing to do with this particular case being special . 	yeah , that 's fair and i suppose i should 've figured that . 
you can make pretty badass onion rings with these too . 	oh yeah for sure . also can make those onion string thingies that go great on steak . 
well at least you were kind enough to capitalize the word . really shows respect . 	hey when it 's someones official title i would n't slight them 
yeah it 's not a good idea . let them . make the choice in life . god , vegans are borderline religious with there junk . 	you seem borderline illiterate .  let who choose what ? let infants and children choose their diet ? 
this kills the baby . 	to be fair , high infant mortality is pretty paleo 
did they make a specific east hoodie with this on the back or is it the same one they 've been selling for years ? 	this hoodie had been for sale for years , possibly longer than they 've been doing pax . 
i do n't think it 's great design . 	i find the exposed metal to be very ugly , but i like the idea of curved walls and trees and plants all over your building 
you lose mt doing collections due to a tax 2k puts on your auctions . 	that 's true but still the loss is negated by the sapphire they give you so it 's fine i guess . 
this is directly from my chapter advisor . i do n't think he has any reason to lie about it . also , i explained why they combined their hell weeks further down . 	yeah sorry , i had n't seen that comment when i replied , it all makes sense now . 
huh , i was just thinking about runescape on a chromebook . does it run pretty well when using crouton ? 	i have n't the slightest idea . 
i would like some egregious blow off valve noise . 	but then - with what is essentially a pressure leak - the harvesting and anti - lag systems wont work . 
yes , but why ? that is the part that i do n't really understand . what makes them move away from na 12 or 8 cylinder engines ? 	money . why should they keep sinking money into outdated technology ? 
why only 4 engines this year ? it 's getting annoying really . 	cost - cutting . make it cheaper to run an f1 team . if engines can last longer , in theory it makes it more affordable to run a team 
has anyone actually watched the full press conference on sunday ? there must be at least one of us .  i was also going to ask something technical - related but i forgot . maybe next week . 	yes , i 've watched both the drivers and team principal 's press conference . 
is n't this the girl that feminists got all up in arms about claiming that she was supposed to look like she was underage ? 	i got sketched out and actually thought she was because of that news report .  so she 's not actually underage ? 
is this satire ? because i do n't see an ass . 	you 've become a victim of fat acceptance . this chick has a healthy behind 
i got sketched out and actually thought she was because of that news report .  so she 's not actually underage ? 	no .  they just claimed that the way she was shot was supposed to make her look underage . she graduated high school in 2012 . 
what 's everyone 's problem with steve walsh ? i 've never seen him as a bad ref . get 's it right and wrong the same amount as any other ref i 've seen . 	i think he 's a great ref . a few years ago i believe he made some bad calls , but for the last few years hes been outstanding . big loss for international rugby this . 
this must confirm that they 're making a last of us film and he 's been cast as joel . 	or is set to play deathstroke ! 
its a well made documentary . but there 's a post about it every single day on this sub . why ca n't people take a second to search and see if something has been posted recently . 	it 's all good bro , just do n't click the post , move on , smoke some . 
3000 miles away ? for me , that would mean they live in the ocean . 	time to stop looking for you otp land whale and jump back into the ocean . 
an nd filter will completely eliminate and shadows that the sun is casting through your props . it will also give you less jello effect 	good to know thanks for the tip . if i use the nd filter will it affect the balance of the gimbal ? 
you poor soul .  please report in after you watch it . 	it was bad . the magician part was cool though . 
that seems pretty reasonable given that mad max was an australian movie . 	yeah i know . wonder why they have such a big bumper on the front . to fend off against dangerous australian creatures ? 
this is bugging me and no one has mentioned it yet . the truck is not in the same spot in those two pictures . 	you 're correct . look at the palette . it 's on opposite sides in each picture . 
there is only 3 things that do n't get moved by truck : the sun , the moon , and the stars . 	i was going to add the earth but then i remembered earth movers . 
since the car was barely showing already , any forward movement by the car would be revealed . 	did you move the truck ? why are the pallets different ? 
what about at traffic lights ? 	if they 've stopped at lights ahead of you , that means you have approached them . if the driver does n't know they 're there in that case , then the driver should n't be on the road 
why cant you have a mirror that can see the blind spot in front of you ? i think it should become mandatory by law . 	yes , it 's pretty crazy that people are allowed to drive with such a blind spot . 
never personally been in a cab over . heard the ride is a lot rougher then conventional trucks . 	worse .  if something large enough hits you or you hit something goodbye legs ! 
well i ca n't see the car through it but if you can what 's the problem ? 	that 's because the car is below the actual hood .  the bug shield is see - through , you can see the road through it , but the car is still too low to be seen . 
never personally been in a cab over . heard the ride is a lot rougher then conventional trucks . 	they are built for pure comfort . check out man for example . they 're probably as good as it gets for truck drivers . 
worse .  if something large enough hits you or you hit something goodbye legs ! 	counterpoint : if you hit anything hard enough with a long truck the motor gets shoved into your legs . obviously neither scenario has any relevance in the real world . 
people are saying the american style trucks have better aerodynamics and such compared to it 's european cousins . on average , how many mpg 's do you yanks get out of those trucks ? 	i get about 6 miles to a gallon when i 'm actively pulling a small hill . on a straight and narrow i 'm not sure because it wo n't tell me . 
i will have to remember that . everytime i try , i have trouble syncing them up . 	that 's a good way to run out of blinker fluid . 
because we all compensate for shitty driving . it wo n't bother truck drivers too much longer though . self driving trucks will take care of all that for them . 	ah . the reddit circle jerk about self driving cars replacing hard working americans . classic . except it wo n't happen for a very long time . 
i mean it 's interesting but not nearly fast enough to be useful , based on that video . 	it 's a concept from land rover , the purpose is most likely for rough terrain . 
never personally been in a cab over . heard the ride is a lot rougher then conventional trucks . 	atleast you dont risk running over a car hidden by an unnecessary long - ass hood 
they love it more when you shut off your head lights for a second so you do n't blind them 	most recently made cars cant switch their headlights off while the car is in drive . i drive a 2010 corolla and the only time i can turn them off is in park or with the emergency break on . 
right , and the bigger the truck is , the more taxes you pay , at least that 's what i read about europe . 	im far from an expert in the subject but i think you are right .  so going with a cab - over truck makes sense since you get more room for whatever you 're moving . 
please do a 360 degree walk - around check of your semi truck before moving . this should have been one of the very first things you learned . 	maybe i used the wrong words to caption these photos . the main point of moving my car in front of my truck to display to people what our view limits are . 
midwest ? 	east coast . maryland . 
two sets of crates . vehicles did n't move . notice the crates in one pic are double stacked and the other pic they are single and one double stack . i had crates to ny right and left . 	it 's a cool optical illusion though , it 's amazing how theres a whole car between the truck and the crates on the left 
and , as we found out via op 's post , dead angle considerations . 	you get some dead angle anyway , because of the instrument board alone . not nearly as much , obviously . 
ontario , canada checking in here . confirming we have road trains here . usually only two sections though . although i 've seen three . 	that 's not a road train . 
it 's 2015 . almost every car has a backup camera , higher end one have lane change sensors , etc . how is it that these cameras are not in these big trucks ? seems like a no brainer . 	it 's 2015 . almost every car has a driver , higher end ones are driver - less , etc . how is it that driver education is not in these vehicles ? seems like a no brainer . 
i assume that 's made of something that folds and cracks instantly in an accident , right ? seems like a neat idea . 	i believe it 's just made of the same stuff the rest of the trailer is made of . i do n't see how this added on to the back would really affect any wreck in any significant way . 
the truck is in different positions in the picture . the green cargo or whatever are on different sides of the truck in the pictures . im callin bs op 	do you mean the shit stacked on the pallets ? that seems to be everywhere on that site so it 's possible there 's a stack or several on either side of the truck , is it not ? 
or yknow . just dont cut off a truck .  btw heat resistant camera wont help in that situation . 	or you know do n't cut money on safety . truck cost way more than the camera or one additional mirror . 
my , are n't you an unpleasant person . 	if had a gun to you face , i probably would n't pull the trigger . i 'm sweet like that . 
i believe drivers are supposed to do a visual walk around their rig before driving away . 	set it up that way to show visual range . 
yes , it 's pretty crazy that people are allowed to drive with such a blind spot . 	the area 5 feet in front of your bumper is not a blind spot . you are either about to hit them or have gotten far to close . 
was n't his fault but hes retarded for not noticing 	i dunno , from where i 'm standing you seem the touched one for not understanding how minimal that impact would be for such a large and hefty vehicle . 
i dunno , from where i 'm standing you seem the touched one for not understanding how minimal that impact would be for such a large and hefty vehicle . 	he pushed the car for 16 miles lol , hes retarded 
stupid fucking truck design . why is there another plate up on the end of the hood ? 	bug shield . keeps the bugs flying over the trick instead of the windshield glass 
he pulled the car . he did n't push it .  the minivan rear ended him and got stuck . 	well the minivan van did n't rear end him , as it was in front of the truck . which makes it even more crazy to think an 18 - wheeler can just push a car like that and not even feel it . 
if they 've stopped at lights ahead of you , that means you have approached them . if the driver does n't know they 're there in that case , then the driver should n't be on the road 	what happens if a pedestrian walks in front , you would n't see them . 
so why is n't it transparent ? 	it 's like a tinted window . just looks darker in the pic because of the rain . 
you sure it was he didnt care ? he might not have saw you . on the right side of a truck their blind spot if the side right in the middle . 	i was on the left , perhaps not directly in his middle but it was honestly pretty close as he did n't have his turn signal on or anything so i tried to pass him . 
it 's cool when trucks drop the beat . 	as a semi driver during harvest i play a game trying to run the beets over centered so they splat perfect . it is the most excitement i get out there . 
some people also have a thing about not wanting the tires to leak antifreeze into the ground .  another alternative is beet juice . 	i guess that would work if you were on a beet farm . 
we switched to windshield washer fluid . still heavier than water , but does n't eat the wheels . plus it 's cheap . 	and does n't freeze . 
sugar beets are white not red . 	generally yes although occasionally you get the occasional red beet anomaly . they are fun to crush with the semi or tractor . looks like a horror film in the field . 
does n't slice works do something similar ? 	i 'm not sure , but the pizza fusion place right there does last i heard . 
if you 're not seeing people psyched for the behemoth , you 're just not paying attention , and i 'm not going to pay attention to your wall of bitchy text  	with what part do you take issue ? the wall of text was n't really about behemoth as much as it was a call to wait a week or two as a community to force sale on an overpriced product . 
all i wanna know is , does the bike stay on the bridge , or does it fall off ? 	down voted you , then watched the clip again . holy shit , i feel like an idiot not seeing that bike fling backwards and then a second later it being thrown off the bridge at 75 mph . 
how long until this move shows up in a hollywood action movie , i say hollywood because it 's probably already been over done in bollywood 	that guy literally just pulled a spider - man 
but who is dog . 	who do you think has been filming this whole thing ? 
i had a sleep study done and they said some people with sleep apnea get restless leg . i didnt even snore much but my oxygen levels dropped while i slept 	i get it before i fall asleep . usually a few hours before when i start to relax . 
it means boner , guys . induced by head trauma . 	i think it 's spinal cord injury and less head trauma . 
that 's unnecessary . if they need to document injuries it will happen at the hospital 	im pretty sure paramedics tell the hospital the details like the emergency air ambulance stuff you sometimes see on so they can do what you need to do straight away . 
obviously a play on alien 's tagline . nothing sexual about it unless you make it so yourself . 	so emt 's are deaf ? they spit acid , hug your face , and generally just try to kill you for no good reason ?  it 's not sexual , it does n't make sense , and it is n't funny . 
did i ever claim it to be funny ? 	i 'm agreeing with you generally . it 's obviously a play off alien . but it makes no sense , and while you did n't claim it to be funny , whoever designed it probably did . 
i 've been an emt for 18 years and never have i seen a medic text a picture to the hospital . verbal reports are pretty good at painting a picture 	ahh ok but some of these guys were asking about it from just cutting off clothes rather than taking pictures . 
this is why mom makes sure i wear clean underwear . 	if it 's bad enough that they have to take my pants off i probably already shit myself . 
if it 's bad enough that they have to take my pants off i probably already shit myself . 	fun fact : all of your bowels release when you die 
i 'm not really understanding the scissors thing . 	if someone is injured they do n't take the time to pull clothes over your head and off your legs , they cut it off . 
we also do n't know what the emt looks like . but overall unless he 's creepy or gross from the front , why would anyone care if he sees them naked ? 	tumblr would have a field day with this comment . 
nope , obviously depending on the state , but at least in mine its very much so illegal . 	do you have a source ? i ca n't find any info on it . 
next thing you know , feminists are going to be ranting about government mandated wrecks to see women naked 	as a feminist who actually found that hood amusing , your response is more the shit what i 'm sick of . 
i could see that . it just does n't give me that vibe honestly . i found it funny honestly . maybe cause i do n't really assume anyone wants to see me naked , heh . 	we also do n't know what the emt looks like . but overall unless he 's creepy or gross from the front , why would anyone care if he sees them naked ? 
i do n't think it is as long as you leave out personal information . 	nope , obviously depending on the state , but at least in mine its very much so illegal . 
i agree , the company i work for is pretty good about weeding these kinds of people out , only problem being we are always under staffed . 	that 's the rub . i was a career firefighter for several years . i volunteer now , and find the problem to be finding the balance between a full engine , and an engine full of scumbags . 
this is the most unprofessional piece of shit clothing ever . i 'm assuming this is not a 911 company . fire would never allow this . 	fire does n't allow many things , it just burns . 
they do in their classroom . it 's a matter of respect . 	you do n't have to respect your teachers ideological and political beliefs , you just have to respect their knowledge and be willing to learn the topic you showed up for . 
there is no spite or joy to cutting off clothing . it 's necessary . 	they were an od , why do you need to cut off clothes ? 
right , so while driving , what is a good way to prevent people from seeing you naked and mangled ? 	drive safely like the sweatshirt says . 
do paramedics not have a uniform in the us ? 	this is off - duty clothing . hopefully no service would allow you to wear this while on duty . 
right , so while driving , what is a good way to prevent people from seeing you naked and mangled ? 	avoid road rage , avoid alcohol , avoid drugs and make good decisions on the road . and wear a seatbelt . 
oh look you 're on an even taller high horse . 	you must be the person in op 's picture . 
funny . i was under the impression that the emt shirt is a joke , and that as usual , reddit is getting all but hurt about nothing .   	no , it 's about somebody being very , very unprofessional in a profession that 's trying very hard to drag itself out of the gutter 
it means boner , guys . induced by head trauma . 	spinal cord injury in the lower back i thought . 
or by spider bite or ed solution gone wrong . 	that spider got me good . you have to suck the venom out ! 
first responders arent considered emergency vehicles in ny ? 	not in a personal vehicle . i 'm from pa and only chiefs can have red lights and sirens , the rest are blue . chiefs can run red lights , but i cant 
yeah , and some jokes are n't funny . 	to some people , it does n't make him a prick just because he has a different sense of humour 
do these types of people tend to do a good job because they take pride in their work , or do they usually fuck up because they ca n't pull their head out of their own ass ? 	they 're usually the people you do n't want treating your family member . that 's why this shit is looked down on . 
it means boner , guys . induced by head trauma . 	spinal cord injury , i believe .  knowing the army , that could be wrong though . 
funny . i was under the impression that the emt shirt is a joke , and that as usual , reddit is getting all but hurt about nothing .   	it is clearly a joke , but it 's a joke in poor taste . 
yeah , that 's bad . 	and a lie . i 've been screaming at the top of my lungs for 20 minutes and nobody has shown up yet . 
i 'm jealous . i got nutty cookie and all i taste is air . was fantastic at the tasting bar then nothing at home . 	oh man , i was actually thinking about getting that next time around . 
how political administration works and a government makes day - to - day decisions . 	depending on who you know , and the amount of free time you have , it may be possible to do a week or so of work shadowing a civil servant . if not , see if you can ask one about how it works . 
economics is really fun once you get into it , i think you 'd enjoy it ! 	well i 'm studying political science . economics would be handy 
same here ; my knowledge is shocking , considering i 'm going to be studying it at uni next year : p 	i grabbed one of the 30 second economics books . it 's a good place to start , i 'd recommend you check it out . 
cars . always wanted to be one of those peoples who know every single mechanical detail about cars and how to fix them . 	car guy here , what would you like to know . i can take you through some basics . 
how to raise twins .  wife pregnant with twins and i do n't know what to do with them . 	everything that sucks about babies will be doubled . everything that 's awesome about babies will be doubled .  try not to drop them . 
the docking port on dragon 2 is too narrow to allow standard iss payload racks to pass through . 	thanks could you give me a source edit : spelling 
that is slick . too bad i 'm not a he - man fan otherwise i 'd jump on this . 	that 's how i was . but this guy made me a fan . really cool stuff ! 
nah . well . i 'm visiting my mom . today is my dad 's 4th anniversary of his passing . i told her what was said . 	ahh makes sense now . 4 years is pretty fresh still , hope your doing alright . its been almost 17 years for me . 
lol that 's not what i was addressing . you comment made it seem to me like you posted this with your mom standing behind you reading everything . 	nah . well . i 'm visiting my mom . today is my dad 's 4th anniversary of his passing . i told her what was said . 
seriously , why would they close their location that serves as basically downtown 's only good pc parts store . this really sucks . 	apparently it 's because of all the theft that happens there . there 's just too much merchandise walking out the door . 
seriously , why would they close their location that serves as basically downtown 's only good pc parts store . this really sucks . 	i was n't even aware of a canada computers downtown : p and i 've lived here all my life lol . 
seriously , why would they close their location that serves as basically downtown 's only good pc parts store . this really sucks . 	i would guess that they are n't getting much business during the week due to the lack of free parking in the area . 
it 's been gone for a while . the dude there was legit . spent the better part of an afternoon helping me out . his name was kong or something similar sounding i think . 	oh yeah , man . i forgot about that dude . i thought his name was kang . but i 'm probably wrong . 
seriously , why would they close their location that serves as basically downtown 's only good pc parts store . this really sucks . 	i 'm guessing they just do n't get as much business as their suburban locations . 
i would guess that they are n't getting much business during the week due to the lack of free parking in the area . 	this . complete pain in the ass to stop in an pick something up . sad to see it go though . 
i tend to do more of my shopping at best buy for consumer electronics thanks to price matching . returns are quick and painless . 	price matching , rewarding the store with the higher price .   
bummer . that 's my go - to place for computer bits . 	seriously , why would they close their location that serves as basically downtown 's only good pc parts store . this really sucks . 
if you can get a similar price in store , then do it . but i have built many computers through ordering off newegg and ncix and i have never once had an issue . 	i tend to do more of my shopping at best buy for consumer electronics thanks to price matching . returns are quick and painless . 
price matching , rewarding the store with the higher price .   	which makes sense seeing how many more local jobs they create and the convenient returns apparatus they provide . 
we once had a bard sleep through an entire raid night . we still do n't let him live that one down . 	am bard , slept through our raid group 's last optional raid night . the texts they sent me did n't wake me up . i do n't know why bards are so sleepy . 
ikr , its hard to stay mad 	yet it 's easy to stay hard 
give yourself the extra challenge : do it with crappy hotel wifi on a vita 	i 'll make sure to time bahamut for next time i 'm at a hotel , that 's a very interesting idea : d 
that 's me every two weeks . sometimes i just play from hotels with crappy internet d : 	there 's nothing greater than downing t13 from crappy hotel wifi ! 
give yourself the extra challenge : do it with crappy hotel wifi on a vita 	damn , i now have a reason to buy a vita . 
being this sexy gets you a get - out - of - coil free card . 	ikr , its hard to stay mad 
it 's a good plan . he is not used to flying and would n't know how far and fast he would fly when using his power . 	the dude is in perfect control of his quirk and is a bloody genius . he 'd know . 
bad plan deku the dude can use fire to propel himself in any direction . 	it 's a good plan . he is not used to flying and would n't know how far and fast he would fly when using his power . 
i think the nba would shell out the measly 75k to not get bad publicity . 	the nba does n't shell it out . the organizations that run these contests have what amounts to an insurance policy in case people win . i saw an interesting article about it a few weeks ago . 
i heard there is a lot of small print on things like these . things like you are not allowed to cross the line even after the shot . 	while you may be correct , this guy was confirmed to recieve his prize . they did a sportscenter feature on him not long after the shot . 
why would you even list such a thing , even if true . 	he might be applying a pe teaching job . 
when i first saw this picture , it gave me some feels . not gonna lie . the curse orange days . remember it like it was yesterday . 	i love the kid man , was so proud of him . hit me in the feels when he won as well . 
i actually am considering the windows phone . 	just get a windows phone . you 'll be happier . with your budget for a device you 'll never be pleased . 
i have no idea what i want to make next with leather ideas ? 	i 've been thinking a lot about garments for dogs recently , but i do n't think i 'm skilled enough or know anything about what i 'm doing enough to actually carry it out 
something tells me that fire near a hairy butthole is a bad idea . 	what we did for my dog was light a match and blow . it out and the heat will make it release 
expecting an ebay purchase , open the box to find mom 's new vibrator . never ever speak of it again . never happened . nice weather we 're having today ? 	how do you know it was n't your dad 's new vibrator ? 
my friend and i saw hitch in theaters . 	i 've been reading this thread for 15 minutes and yours is the first one i call bullshit on . 
you ca n't just do the windmill with someone in the same room ! 	we 're trying to live in a society here ! 
right ? some of the other stories are pretty fucked up , but i think this one is the only one that twisted my nuts .  fuck you op lol 	how is it rape if they 're willing ? 
i ordered a large donut once at tim hortons . ended up getting 2 donuts for the price of 1 . 	hey , that works !  i mean , unless you had your heart set on a really big donut for some reason . 
when my friend managed to make himself vomit in my living room by telling us about another occasion when he vomited . the reason why we do n't talk about it is that he would just vomit again . 	and the next time he manage to make himself vomit again telling a story about the one time he vomited while telling the story about how he vomited the other time . 
only someone who has experienced that as an adult can understand that tl ; dr 	i 've never shit myself , and understood just fine . 
well it 's a regular donut , circle with a hole in the middle , but i was n't sure if long was the right word since one side was n't longer than the other . 	use the word radius . 
when my friend managed to make himself vomit in my living room by telling us about another occasion when he vomited . the reason why we do n't talk about it is that he would just vomit again . 	i 'm just vomiting by reading your story 
why would you set his anus on fire ? 	he just wants to start a flame in his heart . 
if i was a tick that would freak me the fuck out . 	ca n't believe i had to scroll this far down to see someone actually caring about the fucking tick in all this . people are assholes . 
oh my god please tell me you actually made lip to skin contact before you realized what was happening . 	nope , i was abut half a meter away 
yeah , but your mom 's vibrator sounds like thunder . 	thunder ? that shit makes katrina sound like a gentle knock on the door . 
op 's mom was too big was n't she ? 	ya mama is so big and fat that she can get busy with twenty - two burritos , but times are rough i seen her in the back of taco bell with handcuffs  
i feel like i suddenly understand a lot of references after reading hamlet . 	now you need to watch the abridged shakespeare series . it 's all on youtube . 
me andy best friend in 4th grade tried to have gay sex in my backyard . i have a girlfriend now . 	you might be a little bit gay . 
expecting an ebay purchase , open the box to find mom 's new vibrator . never ever speak of it again . never happened . nice weather we 're having today ? 	know you know what to get for christmas : a carton of batteries . 
i remember years after high school finding out that all the males and females in my group of friends had all secretly banged each other at some point . every single possible pairing .  except me . 	great , now i 'm paranoid 
i was walking my dog and we were chased by a kitten , we ran down the street screaming . 	my dog and i were also attacked by a kitten . this fucking thing was actually charging us 
expecting an ebay purchase , open the box to find mom 's new vibrator . never ever speak of it again . never happened . nice weather we 're having today ? 	did she put your name on the package or something ? 
oh man , that 's brutal . 	god fucking damnit guys you 're making me feel lonely and happy at the same time . are my friends banging right now ? or will we bang later ? fuck . 
i was walking my dog and we were chased by a kitten , we ran down the street screaming . 	haha that sounds really cute actually . 
why would anyone video the actual vagina in that situation anyway ? nobody is going to want to see that , ever . just focus on the mom 's head for goodness sakes . 	i have no idea . i do n't want to know . i want to continue the 15 year trend of never speaking of it . 
i remember years after high school finding out that all the males and females in my group of friends had all secretly banged each other at some point . every single possible pairing .  except me . 	are you me ? in almost every friend group i 've been in ? 
nobody pushed you out of a window ? what kind of love story is that ? 	one that does n't end with the author dying of old age or a heart attack before finishing the story . 
is mr . coke ok ? 	what about ms . coke ? the only difference is the bow in her head .   
when my friend managed to make himself vomit in my living room by telling us about another occasion when he vomited . the reason why we do n't talk about it is that he would just vomit again . 	reminds me of that movie where someone vomited at an eating contest then the audience vomited too . anybody know what movie this is ? 
did you tape the box back up at least ? 	mom never got the package . 
they probably didnt notice . i had it to read it three times .   	i 'd have thought the same thing if the other people in line were n't giggling . 
wearing expensive clothes . 	i really really miss the show lost . reading your comment made me severely nostalgic for a moment . i need to go back ! 
actually my dad beat me profusely over the smallest things , so i know he never found out . he once thoroughly beat me ate age 6 for laughing at the cartoons i was watching . 	well god damn this took a turn . 
i remember years after high school finding out that all the males and females in my group of friends had all secretly banged each other at some point . every single possible pairing .  except me . 	maybe its just because its late at night , but i 've never felt so sad reading a comment in my life . come here bro . 
i never got this . bragging about being stupid , or at least terrible at reading simple words . 	i inferred that you had previously not understood this because you used the past tense , and then used the second sentence to explain why you 'd written the first sentence . 
the nearest college campus is about 30 miles away unless you count community college . plus it was in the summer . idk if frats still do stuff like that then . 	i was just curious . one of the frats at my college did something similar during pledge week . 
i 'm happy to hear that . 	i 'd be a little more happy if someone beat the fuck out of his dad ! 
great for them . is germany the whole of europe ? 	you did n't specify what country . you stated europe . 
i was walking my dog and we were chased by a kitten , we ran down the street screaming . 	are you big nate ? 
when my friend managed to make himself vomit in my living room by telling us about another occasion when he vomited . the reason why we do n't talk about it is that he would just vomit again . 	like a chain reaction puke - a - thon . 
when my friend managed to make himself vomit in my living room by telling us about another occasion when he vomited . the reason why we do n't talk about it is that he would just vomit again . 	gavin free ? 
this . this is friendship .  and a little gay . 	all good friendships are a little bit gay . 
me too . reminded me of when i tried ordering three slices of ice cream . i had no idea . even had a hard time believing my wife when she told me what i said . 	i ordered a strawberry sandwich and a chicken shake once . in my defense , i was like 12 and the waitress was really cute . 
did you eat the cucumber ? please say no . 	he ate the meat . 
actually my dad beat me profusely over the smallest things , so i know he never found out . he once thoroughly beat me ate age 6 for laughing at the cartoons i was watching . 	for a second there , i thought you were that guy who always finishes his posts by mentioning that his father then proceeded to beat him with jumper cables . 
what the hell man ! 	right ? some of the other stories are pretty fucked up , but i think this one is the only one that twisted my nuts .  fuck you op lol 
the kids in your class must 've been pretty nice to not give you shit for that . the kids in my school never would 've let me live that down . 	from the description of it , it was probably traumatic for more people than just op . 
you guys both misspell the same word the same way ? bullshit 	no i actually didnt even spell it , the predictive dictionary did its job . 
he hugged me back and he pulled down his shorts too . then we stopped because we heard my dad and continued to play ps2 .  it 's fucked , i know . 	nah , lots of kids mess around like that . part of growing up and discovering sexuality and all that . 
this particular post or our activities on reddit in general ? 	why not both , since this post sort of leads to the rest of it m 
something tells me that fire near a hairy butthole is a bad idea . 	heat up some form of rod or knife or whatever and prod it . 
op 's mom was too big was n't she ? 	no i did n't fit into op 's mom . tiny bitch . 
mtf trans people would be trans women not trans men . 	thank you . i was trying to figure out the correct term , but i clearly failed . 
the guys out of the house , not the hand out of my vagina . 	is it still in there as a warning to the rest ? 
i like this explanation best . 	it sounds less sad this way . that , or the sex was just really , really bad to the point where they definitely realized they were not gay . 
do n't mention it ! i 'm not trans myself but i know a lot of trans people and i 've had it explained to me that way , and i think it 's really helpful and easy to understand . 	it 's a complicated concept honestly . 
pay attention to your meal , not reddit . 	solid advice . just to be clear though , i was eating by myself , so i was n't being rude . 
i sent a snapchat with my naked boyfriend in the background to one of our mutual friends . i do n't know who 's more embarrassed about it out of the three of us . 	i do n't see this as being unspeakable , i try to get my bare ass in to backgrounds of my girl friends snap chats all the time 
it 's a defense mechanism . your body was trying to piss the lizard off your leg .  did it work ? 	if it did , it had a delayed effect , i remember having piss and a lizard in my shorts for at least a couple of seconds , but i 'm pretty sure it eventually came out with the pee 
schrodinger 's gas 	this deserves more upvotes man . 
op 's mom was too big was n't she ? 	always weird when a woman 's dick is bigger than mine . 
nobody pushed you out of a window ? what kind of love story is that ? 	the window lid was open from the start and more over this is not a love story kind of askreddit . 
quickest gold i 've ever seen . 30 minutes folks . 	maybe someone will try to break that record ? 
edit 3 woke up my fiance with my laughter , she did n't find this as funny as i did sadly . 	thanks for sharing . it 's amazing how many guys think that 's the first thing a girl wants to see , and it 's so very rarely true . 
i remember years after high school finding out that all the males and females in my group of friends had all secretly banged each other at some point . every single possible pairing .  except me . 	oh man , that 's brutal . 
now timmy , i 'm going to hold tight onto your shoulders because you 'll feel a sharp pain for 30 to 40 seconds while i twist and pull the tick off . 	that is actually really close to my real name . 
i was at a party and got drunk ended up going home with this kid i went to hs with . had sex , turns out he was dating one of my friends . she still does n't know and they 're still together . 	if this person is your friend you should find a way to tell them . if they are willing to cheat on your friend once they are still doing it . 
why would you set his anus on fire ? 	i fell into a burning ring of fire ! 
well why announce it ? it 's the equivalent of sharing an inside joke , it 's not really funny to anyone but the person who did it . 	why do you care ? 
i was walking my dog and we were chased by a kitten , we ran down the street screaming . 	dude ! you could of had some pussy ! c 'mon man 
actually my dad beat me profusely over the smallest things , so i know he never found out . he once thoroughly beat me ate age 6 for laughing at the cartoons i was watching . 	i read the first sentence and thought you were the jumper cable guy but that resolved much differently than i had anticipated .  sorry bro . 
lol . i love these comments 	something about the lack of necessity and grammar made this comment hilarious to me . fuck it , have an upvote . 
when my friend managed to make himself vomit in my living room by telling us about another occasion when he vomited . the reason why we do n't talk about it is that he would just vomit again . 	your friend is gavin free , yeah ? 
very well written . thank you for sharing your story . 	thanks , and thank you for reading it . 
what were you afraid was going to happen ? that it was going to violently cuddle you ? 	i was in fear for our lives ! 
i never got this . bragging about being stupid , or at least terrible at reading simple words . 	sometimes the things people mistakenly read would be humorous if they were true . it 's just people trying to share something they thought was amusing . 
my soaked boxers on the floor made that improbable . but we could 've peed together for all i know . 	she pissed the bed , then poured a glass of water on your shorts to put you in the frame 
male with a female best friend here . you lucky son of a bitch . 	what did i miss ? 
hey , that works !  i mean , unless you had your heart set on a really big donut for some reason . 	there 's this donut place next to my campus and it has large and extra large donuts . the large it maybe half a foot wide and the extra large is around a foot wide . 
misread tick as stick . thoroughly confused . 	a stick up your ass is probably more common tho . 
i remember years after high school finding out that all the males and females in my group of friends had all secretly banged each other at some point . every single possible pairing .  except me . 	sounds like my group of friends . wow now i feel sad . 
i remember years after high school finding out that all the males and females in my group of friends had all secretly banged each other at some point . every single possible pairing .  except me . 	if they 're married , bang their spouse , no matter their gender . just fuck them . 
so isnt a trans female just a highly feminine man ? 	no because they feel the way i do about my gender . they 're completely female except for their body , which just happens to have a penis . 
i thought he was gonna start jerking off , if you factor that in then your story could have been a lot worse 	this was pre - viagra , so we were pretty safe in that regard 
expecting an ebay purchase , open the box to find mom 's new vibrator . never ever speak of it again . never happened . nice weather we 're having today ? 	why did n't you realize it was n't your item when the semi - truck dropped it off ? did you win an auction for the fuselage of a 747 or something ? 
is mr . coke ok ? 	pepsi did n't go to 4 years of extra schooling and 3 years of residency to be replaced by a simple soda . 
i remember years after high school finding out that all the males and females in my group of friends had all secretly banged each other at some point . every single possible pairing .  except me . 	hey man right there with you ! oh well , it 's all in the past . just like my confidence . 
i swear to god this is going to be me when i have kids but i 'll do my kids a solid and try to stay in shape so it 's not as bad when i do n't realize there are guests over . 	i will help your kids bury your body , i swear . 
i was walking my dog and we were chased by a kitten , we ran down the street screaming . 	i once had an alley cat try to attack my puppy taking him out to pee , so i punt kicked it like a football . it flew many feet 
flax seeds are a blessing my man . 	i am a woman , and i love flax these days . 
that has got to be the most high - definition meme i 've ever seen edit : i get it it 's a dank meme 	someone needs to vector that shit . 
are you 8 feet tall ? how is your dick chest height with your friend ? 	it may be one of those shower stalls that you step up into because it has steps and is raised above the ground level . 
i can only assume he was delicious . 	he was , i had a taste . 
i was ill with diarrhea and had really bad stomach ache . i was naked in my girlfriend 's bed and risked a fart . definitely should not of risked the fart . 	especially not while naked and especially not with diarrhea .  good god man ! 
gay chicken ? 	its how many a bromance has started out . 
why would you set his anus on fire ? 	he 's a flaming homosexual , duh . 
i was at a party and got drunk ended up going home with this kid i went to hs with . had sex , turns out he was dating one of my friends . she still does n't know and they 're still together . 	man , i feel bad for your friend 
so the dick and balls penetrated both her eyes and mouth ? 	her entire head , actually . 
he hugged me back and he pulled down his shorts too . then we stopped because we heard my dad and continued to play ps2 .  it 's fucked , i know . 	you were both just kids , how 's it fucked ? funny story imo . 
expecting an ebay purchase , open the box to find mom 's new vibrator . never ever speak of it again . never happened . nice weather we 're having today ? 	i left my vibrator in a bag in my room at home on a visit . forgot about it . came home next time and it was out of the bag sitting on my bed . nobody ever said a word . 
i remember years after high school finding out that all the males and females in my group of friends had all secretly banged each other at some point . every single possible pairing .  except me . 	something similar , except there were many male male pairings as well . 
right , but he could go to 11 . unlike other boys , which can only go to 10 . 	yeah but why not make a normal boy a 9 and an above average boy a 10 ? 
i 'm sitting at a bus stop laughing so much at this that people are laughing at me laughing . 	i 'm at the waiting room at my doctors office . laughing by myself like a crazy person . 
you have a great marriage !  unless that includes the no romantic interest part . unless you 're okay with that ! 	we use each other for constant sex and a dual income . we both know it , but neither of us ever talks about it . 
i think thats kinda illegal , man , like super kinda illegal 	depends on the age of consent laws where he 's from . 
something tells me that fire near a hairy butthole is a bad idea . 	no i 've tried it . just do n't fart and expect a pretty nasty smell if you have ass hair . 
i loved that video so much . 	yea i watched it in high school so many times . this is why i love reddit , get reminded of all those random cool things . 
i was ill with diarrhea and had really bad stomach ache . i was naked in my girlfriend 's bed and risked a fart . definitely should not of risked the fart . 	did you rooster - tail the sheets ? 
i 've learned through reddit and real life , everyone shits themselves at least once during adulthood . it 's only a matter of time if it has n't happened to you yet . 	so what you 're saying is i should go ahead and shit my pants so i get it over with ? gotcha . will update afterward 
why would you set his anus on fire ? 	he got an upvote . i wish i could give you two . 
i was walking my dog and we were chased by a kitten , we ran down the street screaming . 	is your dog the smaller dog from the cartoon 2 stupid dogs ? 
when my friend managed to make himself vomit in my living room by telling us about another occasion when he vomited . the reason why we do n't talk about it is that he would just vomit again . 	i was sick recently . when i threw up in the toilet i would throw up again because i threw up and throw up again because i threw up because i threw up . 
does it haunt you because it was awkward or because it was gay ? 	bit of both i guess . 
holy shit ! this actually happens ? 	yeah , we 're just friends . i guess it helps that we 're both emotionally numb . 
i 'm sitting at a bus stop laughing so much at this that people are laughing at me laughing . 	i 'm in an uber stuck in traffic and started laughing so hard there are literally tears in my eyes . i had to read it to the driver , luckily he laughed too . 
i was walking my dog and we were chased by a kitten , we ran down the street screaming . 	did your dog jump into your arms , and it took you about 3 seconds of spinning legs before you took off ? 
expecting an ebay purchase , open the box to find mom 's new vibrator . never ever speak of it again . never happened . nice weather we 're having today ? 	yeah , but your mom 's vibrator sounds like thunder . 
they have barbs which stick in , making them difficult to pull out and which may stay in after you pull them out .  if you burn them , they 'll fall right off . 	something tells me that fire near a hairy butthole is a bad idea . 
any chance you know where i can find some instructions for something like this ? 	unfortunately i am at work and every site that references guides is blocked . try going a google search . you have to load either wrt or tomato firmware on your router . 
freedom is n't free . 	give us , us free 
the pain of paying for your healthcare . 	lol . and i suppose your healthcare comes form the sky ? or perhaps it comes from healthcare land , where healthcare grows on healthcare trees at no cost to anyone ? 
that the way to make everyone safer is to give everyone guns . 	machine guns mounted on the front of every single car ! hand grenade vending machines ! 
an eagle 's need to kill . 	only when floating dead fish are not available . 
what about free points or an untradable pack maybe ? 	that could work . 
not sure if you 're serious , op .  have you heard of the search bar ? 	it helps to keep it in the public radar . just because you read about it a few years ago does n't mean everyone who has started taking interest in politics now has also read about it . 
wow that ibanez sounds great .  i 'm definitely considering that one . 	ibanez basses have nice narrow necks and close string spacing too , a lot easier to adapt to if you 're used to guitars strong spacing 
would they not need the correct phone number for the reissue ? 	just do n't loose the card . if you have a japanese number you can put it in . my american number would n't work with the system . 
it 's still on like donkey kong . yeah no rush on my end , whenever you 're free we can meet up for the swap . 	coolness . and are you working through that bottle of writer 's tears ? ha , never gonna give up on it ! 
this could have been the song of the year for 2014 . 	i 'm pretty sure i voted for it . 
this could have been the song of the year for 2014 . 	i voted for it . that and it has been stuck in my head since i bought this album . 
i think so , cancelled orders will turn into store credit not return . win win for them 	well i did n't pre - pay mine . paying at time of purchase was optional and it did n't guarantee you anything so i did n't pay . 
next gen rs is virtual like sword art online . would u stay online forever ? 	no i would not stay online forever , i quit playing a year ago , putting all of these concepts in my real life though has certainly helped me in numerous aspects of my life . 
cute , vegeta is my favourite character from dbz 	thanks ! : d aw yus , a fellow dbz fan ! vegeta has the some of the best character development in the show imo . 
it 's clone high taken down a notch on the adult humor . 	it 's still a kid 's show , stop trying to justify watching it . 
pull the stick out of your ass and get off your high horse . 	it 's not that i 'm on a high horse , it 's just that you 're basically lying prone on the ground . 
it 's still a kid 's show , stop trying to justify watching it . 	it 's really was n't kids show . i liked it , i 'm not justifying watching it cause i do n't give a fuck . but some of the jokes and themes in it are not meant for kids . 
slenderman is babby 's first spook .  slender is like the minecraft of horror games . 	i let my five year old watch slenderman videos sometimes . all he does is stand there and make static . halloween stuff . pretty good halloween stuff , but yeah , just some pg horror , lol 
you must not like gravity falls then if this creeps you out , op 	never seen it . i hardly watch tv but my daughter wanted to watch and i happened to sit next to her and see this . 
please do n't beat me up . i 't 's just a joke : d i do n't want to bash or something . 	lawl dw bud , im welsh . just breaks my heart when vp play so poor 
literally a grammar nazi . 	lol .  just wanted to point this out , in case somebody 's wondering : d 
i do correct people 's grammatical mistakes in real life and no one has ever called me a dick for it . 	i do too actually . my mother is an elementary school librarian , who corrects everyone 's grammar all day everyday . 
guilty as charged . but i make it a point to move the people who hurt my friends to the top of the list . 	but i 'm your friend ? 
the events of dx and iw happen a long time after the newer games . you are n't missing any back story if that 's what you 're thinking about 	oh i know , i 've played and finished hr , this is more of a curiosity thing . 
finished mine and built it into a shadow box , put some legs on it , piece of glass and now i have a kick ass coffee table . 	that 's what i was suggested too ! i am still keen on finding a way to make it wall art . 
previously , i only had to have died maybe 1 or times at max before getting my loot , i guess not anymore 	that 's just lucky . i 've gone 10 deaths before , and i check the first two doors . you 're weird . 
have him write up a bill of sale for 500 bucks . 40 dollars of sales tax and no one will ask any questions . 	this . if you do n't make up some kind of reasonable bill of sale ny will look up the current nada price and bill you sales tax on that amount . 
100 anti - vaxxers , measles contaminated cage match . last one standing gets medical attention . 	i love this ! can you somehow include jenny mccarthy in this show ? 
the games was fun . had a great time with the all random lobby even though i lost all 2 games that i played . would play again if i can . 	thanks to you for coming ! i will try to organise again in a couple of weeks and with the same frequency for at least a couple of months . so i hope to see you more ! 
the worst was how they missed a cross check in the face that lead to the first goal and the slashing penalty in ot that broke a stick and instead gave patch a penalty . 	yeah that 's the definition of a real fracture 
i did n't say it was n't a legal hit , just that it happened and now we need to replace a d - man . 	i was speaking to all the whiny fans on this thread , not you . 
well the good news is that i do n't know what i 'm missing out on then eh ? this is exactly what happens when i tell people i do n't drink . 	oh , you are n't missing out on alcohol . 
it 's your loss if you want to miss out on the best show that is on right now . 	well the good news is that i do n't know what i 'm missing out on then eh ? this is exactly what happens when i tell people i do n't drink . 
i know , but a highlight video can at least give you a first look at him . not saying it 's an in depth analysis or anything . thanks for sharing the links though . 	i mean , sometimes . but that one in particular shows very very little , since you never see the plays from the start . 
what the hell is a so ? does op mean gf ? 	significant other . in this case a bf . 
i try not to look at bright lights at night , but it 's definitely something i 'm going to pay attention to now . 	well , sometimes they are unavoidable . like when they are in front of you on a freeway and look like a bad disco number . 
do you see the led lights on buses and new cars flickering too ? 	i try not to look at bright lights at night , but it 's definitely something i 'm going to pay attention to now . 
is that moon button always there or only at night ? 	only during the night . i have to cover my camera with my hand if its not dark enough outside to trigger it . 
damn it , portugal , i have things to do today ! i ca n't spend all morning reading through your well sourced , quality post ! 	haha , i usually have an hour or so in the morning where i actually have time to type that . you caught me during that time . : d 
ft worth does n't have a small town feel 	it sure did both times i 've been there , granted i only saw a very small section of the city right around tcu 
i ca n't take a big twelve best cities list seriously that has lubbock higher than dead last . worst experience i 've ever had . lubbock sucks , plain and simple . 	what made your trip so bad , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
ft worth does n't have a small town feel 	you must not have spent much time in it then . fort worth 's small town feel is basically why i live here .   
can you post the comments that got downvoted ? 	man , it was a solid year ago . if i track them down tonight i will . 
wtf is with that vote counting system ?  first place vote gets 1 point , last place vote gets 10 ? wtf 	just like the ap poll , but they do n't flip the points . does n't make a difference . 
there is n't a bbq place in the world that can come close to saying it 's anything like texas bbq . 	most of it i have had is overrated . give me kc or memphis style any day . 
what made your trip so bad , if you do n't mind me asking ? 	he probably was n't treated nice at the football game . 
please stillwater has one of the only things college kids care about , really cheap heavily poured drinks at every bar on the strip . haters gonna hate . 	all the near beer you can drink ! 
so over 200 , 000 populated for lubbock is considered a small town ? 	i mean , that 's as big as my home town , and it 's considered a smaller suburb city in dfw . 
there is n't a bbq place in the world that can come close to saying it 's anything like texas bbq . 	my man ! 
gap between 2 and 3 is massive . but the gap between austin and fort worth is even bigger lol 	i do n't understand why people that live in austin think their city is so different from the other big cities in our state . all the big cities in texas are pretty much the same imo . 
just remember , no matter how bad it gets , we still tell aggie jokes at parties . 	that 's weird . we never talk about other schools at our parties . 
so over 200 , 000 populated for lubbock is considered a small town ? 	300 , 000 in metro area . 
some crazy theories are that the planes were holograms . 	the craziest theory imho is so - called dr woods and her directed energy weapons turning the towers to dust . i read her book . absolutely awful . 
cruising altitude velocity is much different then velocity on the ground level . 	have you found specifications for max speed at sea level ? 
i prefer normal dialogues where we dont immediately devolve in to name - calling , but that 's just my personal preference . 	suck it up buttercup . hang on to your world view cuz it is gonna crumble . usa is the only nation buying that tripe . 
exactly this . the conspiracy is criminal negligence and the most sensitive data is related to relations with saudis . 	sorry , but this opinion is garbage .  saudis are a red herring . the last card to burn . 
how do you know that ? res feature i do n't know about ? 	perhaps , i see it in the top right of the page , on desktop . 
does some kind of engineering simulator exist that could legitimately calculate such data ? 	we just need to know the maximum thrust and the drag of the plane to figure out the terminal velocity . 
it 's pathetic that we need an authority figure to endorse facts before people will let themselves look ; even worse that nasa is considered an authority . 	how many times have you been to space ? 
there 's an order guide in the sidebar ! 	we need to have the mods set up some sort of bot that replies with the wiki every time a pedal order question is posted . we get what , 4 - 5 a day ? 
we need to have the mods set up some sort of bot that replies with the wiki every time a pedal order question is posted . we get what , 4 - 5 a day ? 	i do n't know about a bot . there 's two giant warnings before you submit a post that are kind of hard to miss . 
god of fire serie b is something everyone needs to try and that 's all i have to say about that . 	yes , but when life gave you lemons , you took all the god of fire 's and ran to your cave and hid . damn you cave ! 
thanks for the solidarity . if we 're thinking with his logic we 'd all follow the speed limit and then there would n't even be a need for the original warning post . 	what is the speed limit for , if it 's just to be ignored ?  it is n't a suggested maximum speed . 
what is the speed limit for , if it 's just to be ignored ?  it is n't a suggested maximum speed . 	kudos to you for strictly following all laws . you 're a better person than me , the speeding degenerate . 
that is what i want my text messaging app to do . 	there 's no apps capable of that , not if we 're talking strictly sms 
that is what i want my text messaging app to do . 	that is impossible , sms as a standard does not have these features . 
well it tell you if someone has read the text and if they are texting back ? 	no , it acts as a standard sms application , not like facebook messenger , hangouts , or whatsapp . 
no , it acts as a standard sms application , not like facebook messenger , hangouts , or whatsapp . 	that is what i want my text messaging app to do . 
i do n't have any whiskey ! 	bourbon ? scotch ? whisky ?  this man needs a drip of jameson , stat 
that 's fair , it took me a while of drinking straight until i got used to it . 	been at it for about 9 years , i do n't have high hopes but i try stuff here and there . 
well the current rf is eobard professor zoom , if you 're talking about the hunter solomon zoom then i agree . 	hz is also referred to as professor zoom though . and since this show does n't call thawne zoom , hz should take that name . 
usually after you show up high one day or your co - workers rat you out . 	he hasnt gone to work high , he is a very good employee from what ive seen . he just a hard working college kid and id hate to see this ruin his life . 
the creative aspect is the most fun part to me . there are countless fps games out there , but a game that combines creativity and combat into one is rare . 	probably because of the very real chance that whatever you create will be destroyed by someone else in less time than it took to create .    to quote a popular dayz video : humans are monsters . 
false . it has not been fixed . just got out of a game where if i walked too far away from it after it rendered , the image would n't render again unless i rebooted . 	false . the fix will not be applied until the patch thursday . 
well the thing is that caller could hav been someone who is in love with your father and he actually said no to her but she is crazy ? 	he works as a psychiatric nurse . the woman is one of his colleagues  edit : the woman is not one of my dad 's clients . 
awesome i will hit you up ! i have 2 friends that i play with too , friendly peeps . we use mumble though , skype can be sketch with ips 	alright cool , i 'll have to get mumble . the only reason we 've been using skype is cause we just got so used to using it before we would play games together . 
do you not get your jump back after being swallowed ? 	you jump out of the star but you dont get your double jump back . 
i 'd start with posting a photo . 	there should be an album in the text . 
an anime cliche is a school girl running out of her house with toast in her mouth because she is late .  reddit taught me this . i did not know this . i am not a weaboo 	makes sense , well relatively . 
do n't forget to flair your post , i 'd go with celebrity worship , or pandering 	oh yeah , i forgot about that , sorry . 
after switching psus , should i upgrade my motherboard to asus maximus vii hero , get another 8gb of ram , upgrade to gtx 980 ftw acx 2 . 0 , or a new monitor ? 	better monitor . the gains in performance from any of those upgrades over the build proposed in the initial post are small .   
this is an off - topic question for this thread , but for the ram , should i stick with the corsair ram or switch to g . skill ? 	brand has zero difference .  even when looking at different speeds and timings , the difference it makes to gaming performance is very small . 
i was too lazy . : p , besides , what kinda great warrior does n't go around displaying his abs 	the kind who does n't want to get stabbed with a spear 
one baseball bat , some kneecaps , and said burglar . 	in some way i would prefer this , but then i could end up in the same cell as he did . so i 'm just going to take the money and not having to run . 
that still does n't account for the fact that he said all commands , and only two were printed . all is dust is also only rare instead of mythic . 	those are small hiccups compared to the things he 's been accurate with so far . he knows something that we do n't . he has connections . 
but that 's the best part !  it makes it so much funnier , however i still did n't watch the whole thing . 	yeah that was the point of the video , but i should 've made it shorter or at least put some more effort in to getting better footage . i 'll learn eventually : d 
would love for you to turn off your mic . you fapping is n't a good sound . 	but that 's the best part !  it makes it so much funnier , however i still did n't watch the whole thing . 
that 's actually a great idea . not that i 'd do it . but it 's great . 	yeah , i always leave them empty so anybody in the area can use them as a safe zone . 
go play day z - lots of assault rifles and no zombies   	you did n't quite seem to have read the post . and yes , i have played dayz . lots of fun . thanks . 
i downloaded pocket casts , was a longtime user of it on ios , and it is a great app . worth the few bucks imo . 	i 've used it on ios and android , and it 's easily one of the best on both of those platform . looks like these guys are going to get more of my money . 
me too , barcelona been impressive this season despite having transfer ban . 	except they were allowed to buy in summer . the effects of the ban would surely be seen next season . 
what kind of stat is this ? 	a fun fact . 
maybe juve can make the final and they can add another champion to the list . 	no , hopefully we wil beat the team that has beaten a list of champions . 
and that 's probably rounded up !  what film ? 	one of the fast and furious movies . probably 5 
yes i broke up because i did n't know what i wanted with him , but in fact i had too much pride to just admit that i was in love with him , and realize it when it was too late . 	you do n't want to be with him , you are just afraid to be alone . it will pass . 
do not . you broke with him for a reason . 	yes i broke up because i did n't know what i wanted with him , but in fact i had too much pride to just admit that i was in love with him , and realize it when it was too late . 
som is an awful skin . it 's so stupid looking . i have it and it 's lame . 	opinions are great , are n't they ? 
that is a mighty unpopular opinion you got there . 	for clarification , i 'm not saying solstice is bad . i 'm saying jingle hel is bad , and should be re - done at some point . 
fuck the pens .  sorry , it seems like you need the fucking help and i like a fair fucking game you fuck .  also speaking of fair games . fuck tim peel . 	i can get on fucking board with fuck the pens , too .  all aboard the swear train , choo fucking choo ! 
rochester institute of technology . it was the best show i 've ever been to , chance and sox put on an insane performance 	any news on surf ? 
what school do you go to ? how was the concert ? 	rochester institute of technology . it was the best show i 've ever been to , chance and sox put on an insane performance 
people who hate thruster sticks probably have n't tried them yet . i hated them till i built one and now i love them , even though i do n't use a lot , i do n't hate them . 	yeah it 's always fun to use op bs . just like using cheat codes . problem is this is a multiplayer game , and you 're ruining real players fun . 
you ca n't turn em all around and tie it in a bow ? 	you 're unable to throw them over your shoulder ? 
they do n't wobble to a fro ? 	you ca n't turn em all around and tie it in a bow ? 
i 'm afraid to click . any brave souls wanna say what 's on the other side ? 	does n't exist 
old people and people in rural areas . 	my father is 66 and we live in the ny metropolitan area . i still do n't understand but i thinks it 's just that he 's used to it and scared of anything else 
beautiful ! how many times can you steep in those things ? 	i usually go through a whole stanley thermos of water . 
you should clean your finger nails , hygiene is important when dealing with wax . you can introduce bacteria into your wax if you do n't have proper sanitation . 	he has parchment paper holding onto the bottom of the wax . 
there is n't an xfinity app for xb1 yet . there will be i 'd imagine since some of the other cable companies do , but you probably wo n't get every channel from your comcast subscription . 	well thats shit . how can the xbox one not do what the piece of crap comcast box does 
well thats shit . how can the xbox one not do what the piece of crap comcast box does 	has nothing to do with xbox . ask comcast why they have n't made an app yet ? 
you just have to talk to an advisor about it . not hard .  i took 22 once . as long as theyre not stem classes you 'll be fine . 	or , even if they are and you 're willing to put the work in . 
lol you literally are so insecure about your degree this you comment this every chance you get . ahahaha . 	insecure , no . annoyed at the stem master race circlejerk , yes  
or , even if they are and you 're willing to put the work in . 	under quarters it was possible , but i think you 'd be really really hard pressed to do 22 hours under semesters . 
so what is it now ? a disease 	disorder , technically . 
i live down the street from this thing ! really cool to know my city has a lot of history to it , it had a big part of nasa too 	downey is the birth place of the apollo program ! downey resident checking in ! 
i live down the street from this thing ! really cool to know my city has a lot of history to it , it had a big part of nasa too 	i live close to it as well but do n't go there much . it 's cool seeing local people on reddit tho : d 
that is really big and mature of you . 	what 's wrong with feeling a little bit of envy for someone who 's basically guaranteed a whole lot of money ? i do n't think less of him for it , and he 's still one of my best friends . 
classrooms are for studying , not dancing on the desks . the kid is a douchebag who could have seriously injured that girl , but the girls are not saints either . 	yeah screw those kids for having fun ! 
the person in the hoodie is a girl , not a guy . 	it looks like a guy to me , but it might be a girl . it does n't really change much . 
yeah screw those kids for having fun ! 	yeah , screw those kids for having that sorta fun in a classroom . what kind of school did you go to ? 
the sound of the ball hitting the net is so crisp . i could watch this over and over again . 	it almost angers me how easy he made that look . just turn , shoot , splash . like it was nothing . 
i do n't see how most of the restrictions countries place on their media are beneficial 	restrictions i consider beneficial  - corporate donations  - reporting fake news as truth  - deliberate reports to incite racial hatred  
it is my birthday this week . grandma is watching the kid and me and the wife are going out to eat sushi and see avengers at regal in victor . 	happy birthday ! 
wait , is that vista ? d : 	yeah , i 'm currently at home on summer break from university . left my laptop at my apartment , will get it after work sometime next week . 
what in the actual fuck type of question is this ? made me laugh that someone actually had this thought . 	after reading it twice and giving up i noticed this comment . we share the same thought . 
honestly the only difficult things on cass are positioning and landing your ult . after 10 or so normal games you will have the hang of how she plays .  honestly i would say fizz or zed are harder 	in what universe is fizz hard to play ? he 's like akali . you ca n't help but get items and start deleting squishies . 
it 's more motivating to not play the game , lol . i 'm not exactly sure this is what riot wants . 	were you that toxic that this is going to change your gaming experience ? i feel the people who are most upset are the ones who wo n't be able to curse and be toxic . 
yes , and i am currently watching season 4 . did you hear about the spinoff series ? it is about to start very soon . 	yea i heard about that . takes place in la at the beginning of the outbreak . ca n't wait ! 
but they are n't protestants yet . the point is , i want to keep sweden catholic . i fear that they will become protestant if i do n't stop them . 	they are going to be very soon , and an alliance would n't stop them . your people would hate you for making this alliance , and may start revolting because of it . 
how is this united 's fault and not the plane manufacturer 's ? 	its not up to the manufacturer to maintain the planes . it 's up to the operator of the aircraft to make sure it 's kept up with maintenance and inspections . 
he then cocked meth . 	how does one cock meth ? 
is it just me or the candle is floating in midair ? 	no , i see how it looks like that though . there 's a clear plastic stick like a toothpick for sticking it into the cake . guess it was more obvious for me because i know it 's there . 
is stopping by the friend 's house to take care of her cat not an option ? 	no - it is in a different town . 
i am so disappointed i 'm region locked out , but what 's new . to those eligible , have fun . 	i 'll enjoy the games for you . : d 
damn , did you ever think after the second time that being a delivery driver was n't the best job for you ? 	no , it 's just because i did a lot of driving . i never got seriously hurt , and it was still easy money for the work . 
i 'm sure they will get the guy . once they do , sue his piece of shit pants off . and it might suck that your car is totaled , but your body is n't . and that is something to be thankful for . 	absolutely . bodies ca n't be repaired quite like mechanical things . 
absolutely . bodies ca n't be repaired quite like mechanical things . 	or replaced . i just about totaled my first car when i was 17 and thought my life was over even though i was n't hurt at all . 
i 'm sure they will get the guy . once they do , sue his piece of shit pants off . and it might suck that your car is totaled , but your body is n't . and that is something to be thankful for . 	with any luck he 'll get some criminal charges too . hit and run is a fairly major crime in many places . 
why do n't you just wait , and save up for the computer you really want . do n't waste your money on a piece of crap now , when you can have something decent in the future . 	because the games i play doesnt require a high end video card etc . 
occasionally washing something i wear on a regular basis means i have bo issues ? think about what you 're saying . you admit to not washing your jeans and then you question my hygiene . 	i did not question your hygiene , im merely pointing out that the experiences of hundreds of people on different fashion forums online contradicts yours . i also volunteered an explanation . 
cause we dont play the panthers every night ? 	the panthers , while in a bit of a slump , are actually a pretty decent team this year 
no , 10 bil is the max you can trade for , so people put most items that would go for between 10 - 10 . 5 bil as 10 bil . 	right , so if i post something at 9 , 999 , 999 , 999 - they ca n't actually buy it ? 
then you should know these things . or are you actually implying that you started smoking without prior knowledge ? 	i had some prior knowledge but i asked because i wanted more . i heard a few people talking about it at my college today and was wondering about what specific health effects it has . 
i was really hoping this was going to get funded . nigel seemed to have some interesting ideas and i hope he is able to move forward with it . 	same here man . btw check your inbox 
damn millennials do n't know what they like . i gotta show them who they like . 	it does n't matter how much peter david reaches for that brass ring , i 'll still cancel his books dammit ! 
at this point marvel only has 2 series that are any where near the 30 's . they are so reset happy . 	avengers new avengers all - new x - men uncanny x - men deadpool and guardians of the galaxy is close try again . 
that 's a wonderful way to put it . i 'm going to use this from now on . 	if i am left with only having done one wonderful thing in my life , im glad it was to help you justify liberating goods from your friends ! 
a51 has no chance . they have n't won a match yet . 	they 've won enough to face clg in the qualifier . maybe not against the best teams but clg looked like shit on their t side of cache last night 
yea if clg manages to get 5 kills every round they will win . if area 51 does this . they will win . just got every possible way just like you did . 	they can still actually lose to a bomb plant . 
he might make urs clench so hard it wo n't be there . not sure making it wider makes it nonexistent . 	that shit will be wider then a black hole , dont you worry a bit 
i guess you have the patcher pinned on your taskbar . delete that shortcut and start the patcher from the folder you have lol installed in .  should work  	yeah that 's right i have it pinned . thanks for info 
i had the same problem . have you tried a local games store ? 	i 'm not from the us , there 's only one games store in my city and all the people there play yu - gi - oh only . 
you gotta kill the boss under 5 seconds , if you cant do that , you do n't wanna fight him , gain some gold from normal mobs until you can kill him under 5 seconds 	ah . so that 's like one of the four things i got wrong in my post .  was that always a part of the game or has that been implemented in an update ? 
so if i sell the eagle i should buy the cheapest parts ? 	or more specifically , the stock parts it comes with 
like a solo act i do n't think i could do that . female partner would be so much easier and faster to finish the work day . 	idk about you but i could chill naked in my room all day playing with myself . especially if i was getting paid . 
that 's a shame . they warmed the shelves , at discount prices , for months at many stores i checked in central ohio . i just took it for granted . 	i so would have gotten an extra or two . really , that springer mold is one of the top 5 to come out of the generations line .   
i 'm way too much of a scrub to do sl1 without pyro haha . maybe someday i 'll git gud and give it a try . 	sl1 melee is n't as hard as you think , especially in ng . once you get used to it and break all of your bad habits , the game feels just as easy as with a high level build . 
i do n't lane against him . i play support . 	as a support , you should be able to peel for your team and just hold nasus off of them or just completely ignore nasus til their team is dead . 
as a support , you should be able to peel for your team and just hold nasus off of them or just completely ignore nasus til their team is dead . 	yes , but do i control my other players ? nope , not really . i can do so much but still wo n't do enough when i have people focusing only him 
because you are bronze . 	that would hurt if i was bronze , nice insult . are you gold ? plat ? i doubt you 're some sort of god 
paladins have 2 more skill , and great knight either break even or are better everywhere else . even their res is a ridiculously high 25 . 	the way i see it great knights are basically generals on a horse , right ? 
the best break up i have ever seen was two lesbian strippers have a blow out argument in the changing rooms at work , i could n't look away . 	this is making me laugh so hard . 
pirating is profitable , at least in a cobra . gotta find a good hunting ground , preferably on a rare goods trade route 	the day this becomes widespread , trader will just go into solo mode . that solo mode was the worst design decision in the game , imho . 
reddit upvotes people jus for saying the word nigger . it 's the opposite of sjw . 	i 've only seen that word outside of a direct quote once , and they were heavily downvoted . 
do you have a life outside of reddit ? 	yep . i just have a lot of down time at work during this time of year . and moderation of these subs takes very little time . 
you guys really want to ruin reddit bad . 	they 've openly admitted it multiple times . 
had sex . kinda weird for being 19 . i guess i just do n't care that much . 	not much of a big deal , people just make it seem that way . 
buy another plate ? 	i mean at least by 2 so you can put one on each side of the bar : p 
maybe look in the 3 - 4 year range as the cars come back from lease . seems to be a sweet - spot . 	my understanding is that sweet spot might have dried up a bit , due to the recession 5 years ago . 
now my head itches . 	i keep feeling imaginary movements in my hair . 
currently thanking those creepy old ladies who used to prod my hair and check for head lice in elementary school with popsicle sticks . 	when i was in elementary , we got the full combing with the lice combs . i loved lice check days - felt like a scalp massage . 
huh , i always wondered if crabs were the same as head lice . 	nope , totally different . 
it is , in the video they do it more than once and the comb over flows with lice . 	in the gif , you can see a bunch of lice get flung off the comb . that was almost as disturbing as the close up . almost . 
i 've never had lice , is this a normal amount ? 	i had lice and that was hard to find . not because i had a lot of hair but because they were so few and far between . this kid has had those for a really long time . 
you can go ahead and start messing with it if you want . i might come change it a little , but i 'd say we 're pretty much on the same page at this point . 	awesome , sounds good . ps - the isometric dynamic map updated all around durham - it 's looking sweet so far ! 
go for it then .    whenever i wear my tuxedo i want to wear it everyday but something always comes up and i never get around to making the lifestyle change ! 	i ca n't afford a house never mind one with a swimming pool !  alas a man can dream . 
and what you want do in this game ?  just look at numbers ? 	less repeating manual click , more mental work for better builds . 
good luck finding this answer among a bunch of people redditing when they should be working . 	i thought the same thing , but a man can dream . 
yeah . i 'd be more open to change , but these wealthier kids i teach need some strong stuff before they feel put in their place .  what kind of green do you roll with ? 	not sure of the exact shade , it 's a precision v5 . i do n't have green ink for my fountain pen , sadly . 
appropriate ink is appropriate ! 	fountain pens make even the grading process more enjoyable . 
makes sense for derogatory marks or missed payments perhaps , but entire accounts and their balances ? i 've never heard of that . 	also , after 7 years of no activity the account will fall off of your report . the last thing you want to do is restart that 7 years by making a payment . 
does anybody really want to watch uncle ben die again ? do we really want to see how peter gets bitten ?  another spider - man origin story would cause riots . 	or a hobbit style 3 parter with uncle ben 's death and the bite with him just putting on the suit at the end of the first film 
does anybody really want to watch uncle ben die again ? do we really want to see how peter gets bitten ?  another spider - man origin story would cause riots . 	- a 3 hour film that 's just uncle ben being killed shown from every possible camera angle and in slow motion  - a documentary about spider bites and the effects various species have on humans 
squirrel girl to set up the killing of thanos in the infinity war part 2 . 	squirrel girl do n't kill , man . 
does anybody really want to watch uncle ben die again ? do we really want to see how peter gets bitten ?  another spider - man origin story would cause riots . 	i do , actually . but i 'm odd and probably do n't count . 
umm that 's the point . he 's a skrull . trying to take down the marvel empire . 	op asked me why i think a spider - man reboot would be bad .  i explained why it would be bad . therefore justifying why i put it on the list . 
does anybody really want to watch uncle ben die again ? do we really want to see how peter gets bitten ?  another spider - man origin story would cause riots . 	my bad , i got the usernames mixed up . 
does anybody really want to watch uncle ben die again ? do we really want to see how peter gets bitten ?  another spider - man origin story would cause riots . 	umm that 's the point . he 's a skrull . trying to take down the marvel empire . 
thanks for the feedback rocket i was thinking on doing a loadout vid series . going over the finer points of a particular load out and showcasing the best play style to compliment that load out . 	sounds good ! anything with discussion in it is super interesting imo . 
itt : people that did n't read shakespeare . 	itt : people that read one page of shakespeare in high school .  ftfy  
i 've got several spare ego chargers . i can send one to somebody if you split the ego batteries . just let me know , or have them message me . 	copy , going to post this in classifieds ! 
that charge port not being centered on the m9 would bug the hell out of me . 	the home button not being centred on the s6 bugs the hell out of me . 
i would really enjoy a phone with the headphone jack on the bottom . makes so much more sense . 	i have bt headphones for running and bt in my car , chromecast for my home . i have literally zero uses for the headphone jack . join me in the future ! 
i thought the m9 ditched the top button because it was a pita to reach ? 	rumor has it they were making the phone smaller than the m8 , so that could be a reason for a change . 
that 's an ir blaster , not a button . 	i wish people would stop referring to the ir port on the htc 's as blasters . the ports on the htc 's are both rx and tx capable . 
i would really enjoy a phone with the headphone jack on the bottom . makes so much more sense . 	depends on the person , i put my phone in my pocket right side up so top jack works fine for me 
i imagine at least the s6 , possibly both of them , using the micro usb 3 . 0 chargers 	forget about usb 3 . 0 . i 'd like to see them using usb type - c connectors .   
both look good . however , i 'll never but another htc product again . 	posting without reasoning behind your post is pointless . 
i would really enjoy a phone with the headphone jack on the bottom . makes so much more sense . 	it only makes sense to me if the lock button and headphone jack are on the same side . if my headphones are plugged into the bottom , my phone is resting on the lock button in my pocket . 
i hope the s6 render does n't look better than the real thing . that 's one ugly phone . it looks like a bloated iphone 4 with an off - centred home button . 	strange , this might be the first galaxy s i 've thought looked good .  i still wo n't get one until i can get the back button on the left side though .   
i would really enjoy a phone with the headphone jack on the bottom . makes so much more sense . 	i prefer to have the jack on top because i put my phone in the cup holder in my car while driving and have an aux chord plugged into it . 
wow , people really feel this much about the s6 ? 	this sub , you will find the most butt hurt anti - samsung circle jerk on the entire internet . just ignore them lol . 
that charge port not being centered on the m9 would bug the hell out of me . 	it 's not centred on the m7 either . 
why is the charging port offset on the htc one ?  was this something people saw in the leak or lazy design on the fan part ? 	its so that its easier to tell which front is the top so you can plug in the micro - usb easily 
whats the purpose of the electrical tape on the top and bottom of the sled ? 	it was a temporary fix so the positive wires would n't touch the door . before i ship it out i can cover the door with electrical tape and take the tape off of the sled if you 'd like . 
the heat were so much cooler . 	nah . basketball almost felt fake during the heat years . 
t - ross is trash and will never be more then a 10th man on a title contender .  lowry is n't a top 2 pg in the east  	agreed on the second part  1 . john wall  2 . paul george 3 . kyle lowry 
shabazz is n't getting time because he 's just not that good . hope i 'm wrong tho 	he 's a pretty good passer he just makes too many rookie mistakes . with the way our backcourt has been playing though i say let him play . 
unfortunately true . wave goodbye to kd . 	to be honest , and this might sound a little crazy but if one of them were to leave i would prefer it being kd . 
i do n't think that means kd necessarily wants out . he seems to be happy here . 	you keep telling yourself that . unless okc gets wins a ring this year or gets a better coach in the offseason , he 's gone . 
lmao this sums up warriors fans for me on here . thank you for this comment . 	is it crazy to think we 're the best ? i guess so .  but it is an unpopular opinion . 
the problem with trading them as a package is that they are so similar in play styles . 	very true . send just speights to utah for kanter ? well , the jazz are apparently holding out for a draft pick 
raptors are a tough match for wiz i do n't see why people ca n't accept that the wiz are weaker . raps would beat them in a series . there 's a reason raptors have won 6 of 7 	so hornets would stomp toronto in the 1st round in your opinion , correct ? 
i feel like diggin 'into a big mac 	me too and i do n't eat mcdonalds , fuckin red and yellow 
idk , just seems like he throws it away alot . he 's number 2 or three for turnovers in the league 	he does turn it over a lot . but the ball 's in his hands a lot ! it happens . steve nash had a higher turnover rate than john wall does now . 
that 's not good considering how much he relies on his speed and athleticism . do you guys see him having longevity in his game ? 	i do , he 's a very smart pg . he 'll provide good minutes for his whole career if he stays healthy . 
that it 's more the players at fault than shaw for our dismal season . literally nobody will ever agree with me on this : d let the down votes begin 	i think assigning majority share of fault is hard because there 's just so much of it to go around . the players suck , and shaw sucks pretty badly too . 
whats missing ? a piece ? or just the the current teams getting older ? 	they do n't have an undisputed leader . someone to turn to . even the most team oriented champions , in my opinion , the detroit pistons had mr big shot 
the heat were so much cooler . 	they definitely had more a cool villainous type vibe . it did feel better . i dunno why 
like others have said , he 's not a winning player . he just does n't do things that help the team 	you do n't think scoring and rebounding help the team ? 
t - ross is trash and will never be more then a 10th man on a title contender .  lowry is n't a top 2 pg in the east  	you put kyrie above k - low ? 
i feel like the sonics have more fans after the relocation to before . at least it appears that way . maybe its because they are more vocal . 	assuming you 're from ok , when would you have ever come into contact with a sonics fan pre - 2008 ? 
fun run 2 . it 's a side scrolling racing game . my sister and her husband play together all the time and love beating the other person . 	i play this on my lunch break with coworkers , pretty funny seeing a bunch of grown mechanics getting excited over a phone racing game , but it happens . 
my favorite seasonal from them ! great beer ! 	it really is , i was surprised at how good it is ! between this and ghost in the machine , louisiana now has ipas that can go toe to toe with the best of them , which is exciting ! 
i recently started buying dresses with pockets . it 's now a struggle just going back to skirts and dresses without them . i will never tolerate another pair of pants without them . 	oh god dresses with pockets are the best . i hate wearing a dress without pockets , i do n't know what to do with my hands . i end up sliding them down my hips , forever looking for pockets . 
is everyone on reddit secretly mexican ? 	we 're actually spanish ninjas . 
this is why i wear men 's pajama pants . also , they tend to be warmer ? totally nonsensical to me . ladies get cold ! 	the fuzzy ones are warmer which i 've never seen in men 's otherwise i would have pajamas with pockets for sure . 
god , i would kill for cargo pants to be in style 	i firmly believe that cargo pants are always in style . mostly because pockets . 
ah ! yes ! i wore a pair of my bf 's pj pants once and was really upset his silly bedtime pants had pockets . 	i just tried on a new pair of pajamas and was very upset to find out they only have a single back pocket . i 'm a guy . 
god , i would kill for cargo pants to be in style 	do n't worry , i 'm bringing them back . 
those give me so much rage . if i want pants without pockets , i 'll buy ones without fucking pockets . they 're not a fucking decorative detail . 	they actually are a decorative detail , especially on jeans .  no real excuse for fake pockets , though . 
i recently started buying dresses with pockets . it 's now a struggle just going back to skirts and dresses without them . i will never tolerate another pair of pants without them . 	i had a skirt that had pockets so deep i could smuggle wine bottles in them . it was the best skirt ever . sadly , it no longer fits me , but i dream of finding something similar . 
ah ! yes ! i wore a pair of my bf 's pj pants once and was really upset his silly bedtime pants had pockets . 	i started welding and i bought a men 's shirt . it has pockets on the breast and sides . even their shirts get more pockets . 
i recently started buying dresses with pockets . it 's now a struggle just going back to skirts and dresses without them . i will never tolerate another pair of pants without them . 	my wedding dress had pockets . it was awesome . 
humans can catch rabbits if you can get them to run in a straight line . 	or if they have no cover . a rabbit ca n't control it 's breathing when it runs . 
having gone to school in florida . this is good . they test entirely too much . imagine at your job every 2 to 3 months you had to spend 4 hours testing . 	thank you for agreeing . not many people outside of florida recognize how horrible the education system is here .   
legit . foam fakes are always bad 	ight good shit ! thanks man . 
you , my friend , would enjoy edward abbey . 	the idea of wilderness needs no defense , it only needs defenders .  read more at 
you , my friend , would enjoy edward abbey . 	i 've read desert solitaire , but not any of his other stuff , iirc . what else do you suggest ? 
that 's awesome ! happy to help . feel free to post any questions pictures or whatever on the sub . we love new content ! 	follow up question . a bunch of the minis i can find for . sale have the slide back roof . in a wet climate like . oregon that feels like a terrible idea . should i avoid that like the plague ? 
wow . its my doppelganger . too bad mine does n't get here for another 5 weeks . 	haha yeah at first i definitely thought it was the same car . 
is this the case at most restrooms , where only the women 's has a changing table ? i have noticed changing tables in the men 's at places like mcdonalds , but that 's about it . 	no , most places have one in the men 's now . and we avoid going to places that do n't . i 've only had to use the women 's room maybe three times . 
i have . my wife and i have twins , so sometimes i 'm out with both of them and a diaper change ca n't wait . 	so do the women in the restroom say anything or do they not mind ? 
obviously i do n't go in if there 's females in there . the only time one walked in , i apologised and explained and she just waited for me to leave . 	is this the case at most restrooms , where only the women 's has a changing table ? i have noticed changing tables in the men 's at places like mcdonalds , but that 's about it . 
how many troops did they attack with ? seems like a lovely yearly tradition ! 	do the generated armies gain experience from this ? this could be a seriously uber force by the end . 
very obviously a water bottle , nice try . 	good catch , didnt notice the top 
new guy to the boards here , what 's al stand for ? 	ass inspector jk i forgot the full name but i highly recommended reading the wiki . it 's like a quick tutorial guide before you play a video game you purchased from the app store . 
 that would be jake , he was really a woman but the uranium made him a man . and then the just left . and worked at a call center .   poor jake . 	is he from state farm ? 
she 's hot . that 's all that matters . 	ehh even that 's a stretch man 
what the hell is a chanel west coast ? 	there 's just no reasonable answer .  either her moronic parents named her horribly or she 's such a giant idiot she changed her name to a clothing brand and location . 
epic spell wars . you can make it a drinking game too .   	that might make epic spell wars a little more fun . drink when you die ? 
people just want to fight ! i do n't think it 's a learned behavior , i think it 's part of human nature . 	i agree , to much aggression and not enough productive ways to let it out . 
i just remember all those stupid tanning salon ads , wondering why people did n't just go lay down in the back yard for two minutes . 	yeah , just goes to show how silly people are .  remember that asian girl who 's dying wish as that people stop using tanning beds . she totally fucked up the salon industry . pretty cool . 
i agree but is it possible ? because asi is especially awesome if there are no limits to its power . 	i mean more like , if its possible , its the laws that made it possible . not us altering or changing the laws , just further understanding of them . yes sai could potentially be pretty awesome . 
the singularity is by definition a point in time where our ability to make future predictions has been reduced to zero . so the question is kind of self defeating . 	and it 's important that it 's only rough concept , not what will happen exactly . it will seem , to ordinary humans , that it 's 0 . 
i am wondering if powers of asi will be limited with the rules of our universe or it will be able to manipulate them too . 	i feel as if any manipulation of the laws would also be written into the laws . 
lucky husband either way . does he get to have other women for sex as well ? 	he 's more into men than women . 
well i have n't fucked two different people in many years so if we are only counting double dragon style yes . if we are talking about monogamous dirty bedding kink stuff then i 'm doing alright 	then why are you so grumpy in this thread ? 
colorblind person here . it 's hard to tell the borders between the blue and purple sections when they meet , but it is n't that big of a deal . 	hell , i 'm not colorblind and never even noticed there 's both blue and purple . 
ah , the wall of death . 	first time i ever witnessed this was at a suicide machines show . they called it the braveheart . 
what is your demographic , if you do n't mind me asking ? 	black male 18 - 35 
who 's that ll cool j looking dude ? 	you 're looking at the real deal now ! 
i 'm pretty sure here real name is barbie blank . not exactly setting up for an intellectual future 	i 'm sure she 's smart enough . she managed to parlay her looks into a tangible paycheck to where she probably wo n't have to work hard another day in her life , while still being very young . 
aka the one with the wrestling talent , looks and charisma of that tag team . 	maria also seems like a super cool person irl . it 's a shame how she was treated at the hof . 
absolutely gorgeous woman . eyes equivalent to a doll and could not wrestle in the slightest , but a gorgeous woman . 	i 'm pretty sure here real name is barbie blank . not exactly setting up for an intellectual future 
he and his wife have an open marriage , i think 	nice , i read his books but i guess he either did n't mention it or i ca n't remember 
no , it 's not , but i also do n't like to buy tires for my car with 60k miles on them 	true , because the only reason you are n't boning her is because she 's can with a lot of guys 
is n't jericho married ? he cheated on his wife ? 	he and his wife have an open marriage , i think 
1 . who is the black girl in the second picture , because damn .  2 . it 's still kinda amazing how young she is , considering . she just turned 28 which is younger than most of the divas . 	who 's the one on the right ? i do n't remember her at all . 
what exactly did the team give him ? 	nothing . the 49ers just made verbal promises to take care of them in the future . as far as i know neither guy collected on that promise . 
anyone know if the new build is functional ? last version i tried could only pull 2 or 3 test shops 	do you have port forwarding configured properly on your router ? 
the browns are going to win the super bowl this year and the steelers are doo - doo heads . 	says the fan of the team called the browns . you are named after the actual color of doo - doo . 
i would be okay with this . as long as we get some picks . 	cutler had a ton of them last year . i 'll let myself out . 
we have to just start believing everyone at this point . everything everyone says is right . 	the browns are going to win the super bowl this year and the steelers are doo - doo heads . 
t ! 	s ! 
geno smith cant make any excuses this season , if they go with him he 'll have to perform 	what is it about marshall who 's a top ten wr yet is on his 4th team in 9 years . he seemed to turn themself around in chicago 
why trade for marshall who is 30 when the past 2 years have had some of the deepest wrs classes of all time ? they have to be cutting harvin now . 	rumor is it 's a low round pick . i 'll take marshall over some 3rd day rookie .  edit : word is it 's for a 5th round pick . 
holy hell that poor bastard . are they trading cutler too cause him with geno will drive him up a wall : 	he drove decker up the field all over your asses last season . 
with these weapons , i would n't be surprised to see a low - risk deal for a deal like hoyer . someone who 's shown he can be productive with talent on the field . 	no , hes so bad 
what the fuck is happening this offseason . 	its like a key party for nfl players . 
just re - sign revis , bill . jesus christ . 	bill ? jesus christ ? you mean anti christ . 
fuck all packers fans and their joy . i 'm just going to rewatch the 4th quarter and overtime of the seahawks game again . 	do n't worry . they 're going to lose cobb . 
nick foles , i do n't think is competent . he got trashed last year . i think that year he threw like 3 pick was a fluke . 	i do n't remember him being trash last year . sure , he was n't nearly as good as '13 but did anybody actually expect another 27 td and 2 int season ? those numbers were video game like . 
the afc east is really going balls out this year to add talent across the board . damn . 	we have to beat the super bowl champions twice . time to go nuclear . 
cutler will be a jet in less than two years . 	they can cut him next year with a much smaller cap hit . 
with these weapons , i would n't be surprised to see a low - risk deal for a deal like hoyer . someone who 's shown he can be productive with talent on the field . 	miami just needs to do something really stupid , trade tannehill for mallett and we have an all patriots qb division ! 
there was that report earlier that they 'll ask him to take a pay cut . i wonder if getting marshall changes that plan at all , or if they just let go of harvin at this point . 	if they keep harvin , they owe the seahawks a 4th as opposed to a 6th .  so he 's gone . 
that 's true , but the game was so much different even just ten years ago . 	and brady 's supporting cast is constantly changing , but he makes it work and bb makes a great effort to keep him protected . 
not great , but it 's expected that the jets are going to spend some serious money on a guard or two . 	problem is that all the teams with big cap space would really benefit from a not - shitty o - line 
the browns are going to win the super bowl this year and the steelers are doo - doo heads . 	i trust at least half of this statement . 
which is objectively smart as hell . and i do n't like it . 	fear them , they 're finally using their brain ! 
geno smith cant make any excuses this season , if they go with him he 'll have to perform 	just make sure no one looks at him . otherwise he 's going to freak out and throw the ball to the first person he sees . 
my thoughts exactly . it 's our turn to make a huge blockbuster move . 	us resigning our big 2 and you guys signing suh would make for an incredible afce off season , regardless of the rest of the upcoming moves . 
the afc east should just join forces to defeat the patriots . 	still wo n't work 
ca n't expect much more with his age , injury last year , locker room problems , and most of all the contract . that huge contract really lowered his trade value quite a bit . 	his cap hit is small for a receiver of his caliber , especially when you consider the dead money stays with the bears . 
deal .  but this also means you have any outstanding issues with warrants , and are on the hook for any future rehab charges . 	i meant you can have the subs as long as you promise to keep the raiders . 
you do n't go shit talking about other teams because nothing can be worse than yours . 	you guys were shit after cutler left and as soon as peyton manning retires the broncos will be shitty again . congrats on getting blown out in the super bowl with the best qb in history , though . 
i 'm gonna cry . the whole time i thought these rumours were bogus . i 'm shocked .  we better get something great in return . i 'm pissed . wtf 	you got him for two thirds a few years ago why would you expect his value to be higher ? 
is marshall a little old ? yeah . was last season rough ? also yeah , but when that guy wanted to ball , he balled . 	and he always wanted to ball .  dude was tough as nails . he plays the game the way sweetness did . he will fight for every inch like his life depends on it . this is a sad day . 
i see this stuff all the time , but can someone please explain to me how the hell a top tier wr with 3 years left on his contract is only worth a freaking 5th rounder ? 	i 'm scrolling through these comments for some kind of explanation 
ever here of trade deadlines ? i would wish ill on your qb too , but him playing actually helps us win . 	in my fantasy the nfl allows trades after the deadline so long as they only involve bernard pollard being transfered within the afc east . 
t ! 	s ! 
the afc east should just join forces to defeat the patriots . 	our d - line would be too absurd for words . 
and a reminder , the draft is coming up amazing how many people point out we do n't have a qb before the draft occurs . 	oh , you 're right . they might draft the next geno smith . i remember now . do you ? 
this past super bowl taught us that you do n't need elite wrs to win championships . i think the bears are just following suit . it 's all part of the plan . . . 	i mean the past super bowl taught us that you might not need an elite wr if you have one of the best qb 's and one of the best coaches of all time . hard to come by those . 
alshon jeffery has been better than him in the past two seasons at least imo . 	not even close to true . even last season where bm was injured the whole time . jeffery made circus catches 2 seasons ago , but last season was incredibly inconsistent . 
marshall flies to nyc every week to film inside the nfl , this trade probably makes life easier for him . 	the jokes about him going to a new york team for this reason apparently had merit .  sadly it kind of shows where his head is though . 
that still does n't get the respect , as compared to all the other elite qb 's . say for instance , his brother .  goodluck with the new coach , buddy . 	and he should n't imo . he is average , expect in the playoffs thank man . as a jet fan , this is the first time i actually like the direction we are going in a long while . 
dude wtf kick a man when he 's down .  how are the sabers doing ? 	dude the sabres are tanking for mcdavid , and they 're doing a pretty awesome job at it . 
yup , seems like the people around him in the past was the problem . 	or he finally got his shit together after realizing how far his stock dropped due to being traded away from 2 different teams largely due to off the field issues . 
that 's not how you 're supposed to talk about the jets . i did n't see one mention of the word circus or refer to the team as a dumpster fire either . 	i 'm not down on the jets . i 've been down on rex ryan for a long time , but he 's the bills problem now . 
seriously , how are people coming down on one side or the other on this when we do n't know the other half of the deal ? 	jeez , i am glad i read this . i was trying to figure out how everyone knew how to feel but me and was searching for the other half somewhere in thread . 
we 'd never work with the fins 	yeah , i was just going to say i 'd rather the pats win every year till brady retires than see the fins win anything at all 
not even close to true . even last season where bm was injured the whole time . jeffery made circus catches 2 seasons ago , but last season was incredibly inconsistent . 	so we are just going to ignore durability ? why ? i 'd rather have an inconsistent player that plays than an injured player who does n't . 
e ! 	t ! 
it will marshall and decker , percy harvin is a free agent within the next 24 hours 	they 'll hang onto him as long as they can to try to restructure . i think the date is like the 19th or something before he has to go . 
possible for the bears to get their first round pick and take mariota ? 	we 'd only be moving up one spot if their 1st rounder is in the deal so there 'd have to be more to it than that , but yeah sure it 's possible . i doubt that 's what 's happening though . 
t ! 	e ! 
pace got something for a guy they were going to cut .  i 'm impressed ! 	i 'm still sad , but looking at it that way helps . there must be something going on behind the scenes that we do n't know regarding marshall 
nick foles , i do n't think is competent . he got trashed last year . i think that year he threw like 3 pick was a fluke . 	his adjusted interception rate was 20 . so he had 18 should 've - been interceptions , lucky as hell . 
the afc east should just join forces to defeat the patriots . 	we 'd never work with the fins 
now we gotta go through shady and marshall to win our afc east titles ? ugh fine 	maybe you 'll lose one . 
harvin 's play is the nail in the coffin for him 	i would say his body of work is the body in the coffin and this trade is the nail sealing his fate . either way , he gone . 
good call . you were right on the money . 	because the news already broke . i do n't know why i phrased it like that . 
with these weapons , i would n't be surprised to see a low - risk deal for a deal like hoyer . someone who 's shown he can be productive with talent on the field . 	yes . let fitz or hoyer battle geno in camp . if geno has it this season well know , and if he does n't , he does n't . simple as that . this is the last year he has to prove himself . 
ive learned this means a lot of koolaid with glass in it . 	there 's green koolaid ? 
i 'd try to keep percy in the slot where he 'd be the most productive 	he 's not worth anything close to what he 's being paid . 
you know what the worst thing is ?  when your goddamn favorite player gets traded to a goddamn team you hate .  ugh . 	right after you buy his jerseys for your son , wife and yourself for christmas . yup 
i think jets will be getting foles by draft day as well . 	i just see foles in a jets jersey . like it was meant to be . i can see it ever so clear . 
we 'd prefer it if you 'd stop hogging the seat at the head of the table and remember that you 're supposed to share . 	pfft , fuck sharing , now give me your jello or i 'm giving you a wet willie . 
jets fans do n't need to be reminded lol . water is wet jets have n't had a qb in 10 years 	hey . pennington left eight years ago . 
foles , their 1st this year , and next years 1st and a 2nd is the rumor i have heard  	that would be a ton . i do n't know if mariota is worth that . he 'd have to be a hit . look at the rg3 trade . 
pfft , fuck sharing , now give me your jello or i 'm giving you a wet willie . 	how mad would you be if the bills signed wilfork ? 
trouble is , trading for 6 carries the risk he goes before that . 	which is why i think we have n't seen a trade occur yet . they want to make sure they get him , so it will be a trade at the draft , i . m . o . 
j ! 	o ! 
you killed my joke . 	like suh will kill whatever poor bastard you put behind center . 
with these weapons , i would n't be surprised to see a low - risk deal for a deal like hoyer . someone who 's shown he can be productive with talent on the field . 	or you could trade for jay ? brandon would appreciate having his life partner with him in ny . 
the titans need a wr more than a qb right now , but dammit i want mariota . fine . take 2 first rounds 3 second rounds and foles . but i 'm not happy about it . 	i think it would take more than that to move up to the number 2 pick . 
picturing this chant , but with enthusiasm only for the j and the t , is quite entertaining . 	i 'm now imagining tina from bob 's burgers saying the e and the s 
we 'd prefer it if you 'd stop hogging the seat at the head of the table and remember that you 're supposed to share . 	if i had to pick 1 team from the afc east to win a super bowl besides the pats it would be the bills . just not with rex ryan . 
the afc east should just join forces to defeat the patriots . 	that is basically what feels like is happening . meanwhile we lose wilfork and about to lose revis . this is some bullshit . 
thanks much ! really looking forward to playing with other people , makes me wish i still had the friends around who 'd want to play together , but that 's life . 	with the online chat and everything i 've been able to make a few new friends just by hunting and talking to people in game so i 'm sure once you get hunting you 'll meet people 
thanks much ! really looking forward to playing with other people , makes me wish i still had the friends around who 'd want to play together , but that 's life . 	i 'm trying to convince a few of my friends to get the game . online play is great , but i like playing with people i know so much more . 
pretty dope music man , saw dubstep perform live once in boston ! 	thanks bro , when i found the music and played it , it gave me chills lol 
same here , had to try few combinations . as for asimov he had mind expanding concepts in his stories . you are not the same person after you go through his work . 	can you recommend a book to start with ? 
follow your masters . 	master master , where 's the dreams that i 've been after 
good lord , was that a thing ?  she 's a horse 	not even a race horse at that . 
there 's a link to a form on the sidebar under important links . 	thanks man , sent of my request : d 
wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , blood . 	bone bits . 
the wind in your hair feels best just before impact . 	yes , that is the joke . 
how high do you need to be to ride a bike like this ? 	a little over 4000 ft above sea level . 
bone bits . 	they say its the bones in crunchy chick that makes it crunchy ! 
the wilderness rewards are so bad lmao , to the point where it 's not even worth doing them other than for the exp lamps . 	is n't the elite reward noted d bones ? 
nah man , would devalue the nats prices 	excellent meme , good job ! upvoted . 
the wilderness rewards are so bad lmao , to the point where it 's not even worth doing them other than for the exp lamps . 	being able to choose what portal you go to is really so bad , oh my god ! 
being able to choose what portal you go to is really so bad , oh my god ! 	compared to the other acc rewards , yes . 
i was supposed to be in chicago but canceled last minute . i live downtown so i was thinking of walking down there for the pub crawl . 	im from south of chicago . where at downtown ? were about to head out in 30 - 60 minutes . 
glad you liked it man . yeah , terrific story and outcome as well . 	the next chapters were really good too . this is an extreme feels trip . 
i love california . do n't leave ! 	me too . i 've lived in socal and norcal , i think i 'm more of a bay person but i 'm from the suburbs of la 
rinsing it under hot water about once a week will prevent clogging . they say to let it dry overnight , but i just shake mine off real good and it works like new . 	running under hot water usually works great . depending how often you use it , you should rinse it pretty often . 
rejected from every university i applied for . i got off my high horse then . 	hmm thats sounds bad . what the great thing that happened then ? 
gud luck mate , hope to read bout u in some paper someday . 	that 's the nicest thing a stranger has ever said to me . cheers , friend . 
psych field ? you just mocked the field i work in which is caring for the mentally disabled and you 're studying the psych field ? you 're a joke ! 	i did n't mock the field . i mocked your attitude . 
i 'm back in school . going towards something in the psych field . 	psych field ? you just mocked the field i work in which is caring for the mentally disabled and you 're studying the psych field ? you 're a joke ! 
military discharge . shortly after , i became friends with the woman i 'd eventually marry . 	nice . so u took up a different career then i guess ? 
i 'm back in school . going towards something in the psych field . 	gud luck mate , hope to read bout u in some paper someday . 
nice . so u took up a different career then i guess ? 	i 'm back in school . going towards something in the psych field . 
your point being ? not sure what you 're advocating . 	i 'm just saying that it could be run 1 - of in a storm list to good effect . 
i do n't see red using this . sort of a storm combo thingy , does n't do anything by itself .  rr : deal 1 damage to target creature for each mountain you control .  see ? its more impulsive . 	a card not just winning the game on its own is kind of the whole point of having more than 1 card in your deck . 
yeah , i fully agree with the part regarding masking the pain with medication . on the other hand , i use it once in a while when it becomes incredibly painful . 	yep , that 's when i will use it . i have no problem with a little discomfort , but when it interferes with my daily life , then it 's time for the pain medication . 
how do you suggest cleaning your ears then ? 	you do n't . you can use a wet flannel to wash the outside part , but the inside part of your ear self cleans . 
wow thank you , i walk this way every day it 's cool to see what it used to look like 	hell that corner looked a lot different even 15 years ago . well the west side of noble , anyway . 
11 : bomb arrows sound like a neat idea 26 : i wonder how far the dm will let me push this before i 'm literally playing kamina 35 : fighting clans of rejected mortal kombat ninjas ? sure . 	hahaha , 35 is great ! 
11 : bomb arrows sound like a neat idea 26 : i wonder how far the dm will let me push this before i 'm literally playing kamina 35 : fighting clans of rejected mortal kombat ninjas ? sure . 	just play kamina . it is the right thing to do . 
i recognized your dogs right away ! they were great with my white shepherd . that said sorry you had to run into someone that ruined you and your dog 's good time . 	thank goodness mine were good for a change . my little boy can be a bugger ! hello there from my dogs to yours . 
if the turtles drop the xp , you can put sewers beneath to collect it as mob essence . 	much higher gains might i add . 
pantheon has easy skill set , great harass , and strong early game . look for people with simple kits , and decent dueling potential . 	i 'd actually say panth is one of the harder just because of his mana management being pretty difficult against some matchups 
i would not recommend ashe as a top laner though . garen is who i learned the game with and would highly recommend him . arguably the easiest champ in the game to learn 	yeah i agree . did n't read the question fully , my bad . 
i think the fact that they are official sponsors of the nhl has played a lot into this . obviously if they were n't , this would n't have blown up the same way 	free big macs if the sens score in the last minute has been an ongoing promotion for several years . 
i understand . emotions and appetite happen to be controlling me , that 's all . 	only you can control yourself . some loss of control in some situations are understandable : this is n't one of them , though . stop before you scare her even more and get yourself in trouble . 
only you can control yourself . some loss of control in some situations are understandable : this is n't one of them , though . stop before you scare her even more and get yourself in trouble . 	his post history is scary . 
just a few months ago an australian batsman was killed by a bouncer like those when it hit him in the head . just because you wear a helmet doesnt mean you 're safe 	rip phillip . 
the guy 's wearing a helmet and face mask . in mlb , i could see this as a problem . 	guess that 's why they do n't use cricket helmets in a baseball game . 
the guy 's wearing a helmet and face mask . in mlb , i could see this as a problem . 	just a few months ago an australian batsman was killed by a bouncer like those when it hit him in the head . just because you wear a helmet doesnt mean you 're safe 
just a few months ago an australian batsman was killed by a bouncer like those when it hit him in the head . just because you wear a helmet doesnt mean you 're safe 	was he wearing a helmet and mask ?  sorry , to hear about this . 
the fucking comments though ! makes me question the human condition . 	the mind is a beautiful and terrible thing . 
this guy must get pink eye pretty often . 	and brown nose . 
this is genuinely terrifying . real fear was all i felt watching this . 	yeah i was n't just weirded out , i felt really fucking scared . uncanny valley stuff man . 
not necessarily just tom . i think it was a group decision by the main four . 	no , wag mad a comment on reddit a while ago saying it was tom 
what conspiracy ? do n't scare him with false statements . 	i can prove you are in fact illuminati ! 
you are correct . the previous blue was complementary but these reds are just not right together . 	it should be green because it 's an environmentally friendly mode of transport . 
actually i changed my mind . i am eating a spinach and grilled chicken salad . with a spoonful of corn . no dressing . and also a banana . 	banana was a clutch move . 
actually i changed my mind . i am eating a spinach and grilled chicken salad . with a spoonful of corn . no dressing . and also a banana . 	sounds even better . spinach is my second favorite vegetable with broccoli coming in at number 1 . 
aww man i so wish broccoli didnt fuck with my insides . bloat like a motherfucker . best vegetable , especially steamed god damn 	mmm best way to prepare it . i 'm the opposite though . i need broccoli basically to live . i 'm anemic and my iron levels are always super fucking low and broccoli is perfect for it . 
sounds even better . spinach is my second favorite vegetable with broccoli coming in at number 1 . 	i had a spinach and kale casserole for dinner and it was delicious ! popeye is my spirit animal because i love spinach ! 
fuck . i 'd take a banana and yogurt with granola any day over some fucking cookies . 	neither one requires any real work on anyone 's part either . just open up the yogurt , get a spoon , dump in the granola . the absolute most amount of work you could do is chop up the banana . 
fuck . i 'd take a banana and yogurt with granola any day over some fucking cookies . 	actually i changed my mind . i am eating a spinach and grilled chicken salad . with a spoonful of corn . no dressing . and also a banana . 
sounds even better . spinach is my second favorite vegetable with broccoli coming in at number 1 . 	not sure who downvoted that . but either way i 'm the same . its my number 2 . number 1 is asparagus . its so good . 
i do n't get why everybody cares so much . what does it matter what the battery level is ? 	it 's not that people care really , it 's more of just an easy joke to make . 
actually i changed my mind . i am eating a spinach and grilled chicken salad . with a spoonful of corn . no dressing . and also a banana . 	is it better with rice ? 
neither one requires any real work on anyone 's part either . just open up the yogurt , get a spoon , dump in the granola . the absolute most amount of work you could do is chop up the banana . 	fuck . if you wanted to get a little more complicated , cut that shit up and make a peanut butter and banana sandwich on wheat . 
what is causing some of those german fighters to have explosions on the wings like that ? not like structural failures , theres legit large explosions on some of them . 	i 'm guessing fuel tanks that were stored in the wing . that or maybe the rounds detonated some of the explosive filler in the 20 mm 's imho . 
how do you stand on international shipping to uk ? i have nib uk marth , am looking for gold mario . 	i would like to see how much shipping would be first tbh but outside that i dont have a problem with this . i know it can take a while but im fine with that if you are and shipping isnt insane . 
i still get it and ive been playing since the start of the mod , some times you just manage to control it better 	same thing man , been playing since 2012 and i still get the adrenaline shakes during and after a particularly long or intense engagement . 
i 'd love someone to do a documentary or just record someone trying to break the record again . 	they would n't be able to release it for a long time though . long statute of limitations on a crime that big . 
i do it whenever i 'm in an area with cheap coconuts . does n't change anything gi - wise . 	if you already have a very high fiber , high fat diet i imagine it would n't be too bad . if you do n't , beware . 
how does item drops work in cs : go ? 	you have to gamble real life money to get anything of value . 
these titles are borderline creepy sometimes . 	looks like someone copied the original title then pasted it into a translator honestly . 
it 's not bad journalism to say tru told them it 'd be 7 - 9 which was what tru told multiple sites . it 's bad business on tru 's part to either lie or fuck up the timing . 	fair enough , bad juju all around . 
do n't worry you can just sign up for notifications on amazon and they will send you email as soon as the item goes out of stock . 	lol no kidding , if they even ever send you anything . i never got notification for ike or dedede . 
annnnnd , they 're gone . even if you 're vigilant , it 's still not enough . the handling of this , makes me so angry i just want to punch a baby . 	human baby or baby giraffe ? 
who else is extremely happy they stayed up all night for this ? i was seriously getting ready to call it quits and go to bed for a few hours .  now we just have to wait till may 29 ! 	same here i set an alarm and was going to lay down when i hit refresh and saw the links . this site is crazy with response time haha 
so how do in store pre - orders work for tru ? is it just first come first serve . is it already sold out so there are no in store pre - orders . anyone know ? 	toys r us , or at least the one by me does cards with pictures of the amiibo on it , you get the card designated to each amiibo 
will pac man be like bowser was last wave ? if he is i 'm not preordering him and just going on release day . 	speculating that pacman will be like megaman and sonic . the ones i 'm worrying about are fe characters and exclusives 
there a bunch of nice folks , you ?  ooc : i 'm gonna say they ram horns at certain things , like fighting . 	ooc : sounds good .  ic : some have potential , most will probably be cannon fodder . 
ooc : sounds good .  ic : some have potential , most will probably be cannon fodder . 	everyone 's useful thomas . and not only in battle . 
everyone 's useful thomas . and not only in battle . 	battle is the only reason camp is still here . 
how 's the size of the phone ? from what i 've read it looks like it 'll just be slightly thicker than the m8 , so i do n't think it 'll be too large even with a thin case on it . 	my sister has an m8 and it 's a little shorter in length and wider , but it 's negligible . 
nope . just disabled the pre - installed crap i 'll never use . other than that , no tricks , no special apps , auto brightness . 	how 's the size of the phone ? from what i 've read it looks like it 'll just be slightly thicker than the m8 , so i do n't think it 'll be too large even with a thin case on it . 
goddamn that is some quality art . 	i did n't go to art school for nothing . 
ooc : gonna have to pick this up tomorrow . now is sleep 	ooc : sleep tight ! 
yay , houston ! i 'm so glad it 's finally started to warm up here ! 	oh man , i managed to get a sunburn a couple of weekends ago laying out at the pool ! i 'm trying to enjoy it before the sun starts burning us to the ground here pretty soon . 
oh man , i managed to get a sunburn a couple of weekends ago laying out at the pool ! i 'm trying to enjoy it before the sun starts burning us to the ground here pretty soon . 	haha , yep , we went to the driving range for like an hour last weekend and i wound up with a sunburn ! 
i 've heard allot of people say it takes awhile for him to respond sometimes . it 's worth the wait though . great kratom 	yea it 's always good quality imo and fresh , so i 'll just be patient . i know of domestic resellers , but not quite a substitution price point for the quantity i want 
if you wo n't shut up in champ select i 'll intentionally feed just because i know it 'll annoy you as much as you annoy me 	you sound like a very pleasant person . 
lying causes intense pain .  like half the problems with our government would be solved right there . 	i wonder if liars would be able to accept and disguise the pain so that they could fool others . 
kind of ironic you would rather stick your dick in literal shit . not hating , vag doesnt do it for me either . 	it 's not like i want to stick my dick in a pile of shit , it 's better if it 's somewhat clean in there . 
it 's not like i want to stick my dick in a pile of shit , it 's better if it 's somewhat clean in there . 	yeah , i agree 
every week he beats a man open your fucking eyes . 	if you mean banging the ball onto the opponent means beating him . 
i said his voice . not his accent . 	they 're roughly the same thing . one speaks with an accent . 
that 's true , my bad . 	what a ridiculous forum this is where someone admits they were wrong and gets downvoted . do you guys just downvote all the opinions you do n't like ? 
i think it is a good argument . can rafael adapt his game like herrera did ? 	i think if he 's capable he definitely will . rafa is one of the players i feel loves united most in our squad , it will be unfortunate if he does n't have it in him though . 
what would people think of seamus coleman ? rb of the season last year . great attacker , good defender when he 's back there . i 'd love to see him in the team . 	i was happy with the prospect of him coming until i heard his voice . 
that actually uses a lot more xp than just grabbing random enchants out of the enchantment table . 	on the other hand , a lot easier to automate 
it 's in the infinity modpack , and fairly easy to start . lots of good videos are available as well . 	ah , i am more of a tech mod guy . im sure it cool , but i have n't looked into it . 
awesome job , and it would be finally neat if this tool could also give the pricing in usd with eu countries tax added . 	thanks ! what were you thinking usd with vat would be used for ? do european citizens sometimes buy in usd ? 
my second vehicle was almost identical to your truck . same color , same year , same model . it was really something special . 	nice , what happened to it ? they 're great trucks , and excellent platforms for any kind of thing you want to do . 
that background in the last pic . are you in houston by any chance ? 	dallas . it was some random neighborhood i came across and decided that spot would be really good for some pictures 
 i think a guy smaller than ad wouldnt like guarding centers as much as he hates it . 	well he 's done a much better job at it defensively than your boy asik . 
k , last one before i go for a little bit , be back in an hour at the most ,  least favorite saying ? 	man up .  worst saying ever 
the social club website is down too . most likely sever upgrades for gta v pc and the new video editor . 	i really hope so . i 'm going to be fucking furious if online is fucked up on gta 5 pc on release date . 
someone did n't set the poly locks right ? 	came here to post this word for word . have an upvote . 
awesome . that is literally down the street from me . 	i also recommend curt 's on 11 mile . that 's where my mechanic is and they do great work and do n't rip you off . 
still have n't paid me to do what you said . 	i 'm not asking you to . they were suggestions for someone who wants to try to make an impact . anyway , voting third party , or reporting corruption cost nothing . 
they 'd be in hot water , too bad there 's barely any left . 	for a huge corporation , this is water off a duck 's back . 
but if they do n't bottle the water , where will it come from ? 	my tap . 
they do n't care , they wo n't live long enough to see the results . 	they do n't care they will always be able to afford water and be able to move where the water is 
on what planet would it be normal for the police to turn up if you made inquiries about this ? 	planet earth , you may know of it 
this can have a huge impact over the next ten years , so im sure they will be alive 	right . local water shortages will totally effect millionaires in 10 years . i 'm sure .   
there 's still time to readjust my state return california . taxes are n't due for another 2 days . i 'll be over here . 	that 's funny because the forest services ca n't handle the permits because they got their budget cut to a point where they have a 30 year backlog on handling those permits . 
and they 're completely unrelated to each other . your point ? 	considering the drought i assumed you understand that people use water . even people that are in the u . s illegally .  i 'd say that approximately 12 million people is a relevant problem . 
relevance ? let 's ignore the useless comments too . 	considering the amount of water that many people use , who are here illegally . i 'd say it 's very relevant in a time of water shortage .   
drinking water is about as non - wasteful as you can get as far as water usage . 	not from a plastic bottle it is n't . 
they do n't care , they wo n't live long enough to see the results . 	i dont know , life expectancy will be going up like crazy over the next few decades . 
except that seems to be a false debate given the losses to those downstream are downright negligible . harvesting rainwater just increases the total amount available and should be promoted . 	well , how do those losses occur ? evaporation ? leeching into the soil along streams ? that water , while a loss from our perspective , is still playing an important role in the ecosystem . 
and what will brown do about this ? fucking nothing that 's what , the fucker keeps passing legislation on residential water usage , but is too damn scared to bite the hand that feeds . 	this is a fraction of a fraction of a percent of the water usage . going to arms over this might make a good political target but the real issue is trying to grow monsoon crops in a dessert 
how much money would each person get in california with 12 billion ?  i suck at math . 	lol . you get nothing . it will be used to build a bridge to no where . 
considering the amount of water that many people use , who are here illegally . i 'd say it 's very relevant in a time of water shortage .   	yes , they do water the lawns and golf courses over the state . 
liberals killing companies one by one .   	which company might that be ? 
no wonder snake oil is the most popular commodity for companies to sell .  providing an actual service to the community is what business business is about , if you read your business license . 	if you have shareholders your job is to maximize their investment . also , i 'm not defending nestle there is such a thing as business ethics . 
they do n't seem to have permission to use the drop . 	and ? if you want to be angry , scream at the cal gov , who knew exactly the permit expired but were fine with it because they still received the money . 
if they ca n't pay a large fine and all the past due amount they should have their company taken by the government and sold off , but we all know what 's going to happen . nothing . 	except they have been paying for the last 27 years , california is the one thats messed up the permit renewal 
not all of southern california is a desert , their bottling plant is up in the mountains . 	but water travels downhill , so when you take it out of the mountains the rest of it becomes a desert . 
i never said profit was a bad thing . profit is what business is about . 	no wonder snake oil is the most popular commodity for companies to sell .  providing an actual service to the community is what business business is about , if you read your business license . 
my tap . 	what a concept !  can nestle get in on some of that action ? 
as a floridian they can suck on my dwindling supply . 	no , mr florida that 's a bad thing . this is how the problem started . 
you say profit as if it is a bad thing ? should it not be applauded ? 	i never said profit was a bad thing . profit is what business is about . 
naw , a legislature vote can be bought for about 10k each . 	all you got to say to own them is 'how about a job in the private sector for you and your wife 'after that you down just buy them your own them , they are your puppet for life . 
now now , lets be fair how about we charge them 70 billion dollars , and they have to return every fucking drop of water they stole . 	charge them for what ? using as much water as a golf course ? 
bottled water is awesome . my water tastes like absolute shit . i need a britta , but still bottled water has uses . especially for people without running water . 	people who say bottled water is stupid has never had the pleasure of drinking the treated water in phoenix . 
seems to me that having bottled water would be of utmost importance in a place where water is in such short supply . is n't the most important thing for people to have clean drinking water ? 	you need to buy it in a bottle to have it clean ? perhaps in mexico . 
utah should just suck the east dry then . 	north . the east already sucks . 
so whatever output the headphones are not plugged into is the one the speakers are plugged into ? i guess this is onboard sound as well ? 	okay , so i 've figured out that if i unplug the speakers from the audio jack in the back , the audio from the headphones that are plugged into the front sound fine . 
let me guess , you 're plugging into a laptop and lots of enhancements are enabled . try disabling all the enhancements in the playback settings . 	desktop and all enhancements are disabled . there 's still a noticeable difference when i plug in and unplug the headphones . 
true haha it 's limited to 1000 responses so hopefully it wo n't go crazy 	should run it on google forms next time . no limits and you can publish the data automatically . 
shall we tell them that europe , the place they want to migrate , are majority christian ? 	some countries in europe are majority muslim like albania or sweden . 
i imagine that in distant future the sports teams from moon and mars colonies will compete with the teams from the earth . 	well if the earth team trains on earth , in earth 's high gravity , they 'll probably win every game . 
sorry i forgot to mention , this was made with low gravity on , allowing it to do that 	ah , i thought that might be the case . i 've been playing gta a ton the past few days and had never seen that , i was wondering how the hell you were managing that heh . 
we 're the last bag holders . 	going down with the ship . 
that is what i am seeing too . re - test of 210 - 215 . 	240 - 260 next week 
oh , i was just told the fish bait is removed when the tournament starts ? 	no , the bait stays ! definitely worth making the best bait you can and placing it before the tourney . 
born in '95 . missed out on friggin elvis . 	maybe he 's still alive 
what did you paint your bench with ? 	it was that way when i moved in but i think it 's latex . 
any mobile reader worth its salt will still have the sidebar information readily available . reddit is fun does . 	oh ? i 'm using baconreader . on an android . not my favourite device so i tend to use it as little as i possibly can . 
make a yj one and you got yourself a deal . 	doh ! just realized i had already done the drawings but forgot to upload those two . give me about an hour and they will be in the store . 
cheese pizza ? 	more animal shows , but there was some curiosity . 
a fuzzy floor mat . 	came just to say that . makes sleeping on the floor nice , makes your feet warm , and feels like home .  i personally used a large bath mat purchased at the first walmart stop . 
a fuzzy floor mat . 	i used to go to carpet stores and get carpet samples that they did n't need anymore . easy to clean and they were the right size . 
its mainly after lunch . what food would be better ? 	low or no carb lunch . stay away from sugar too 
where did you hide the body ? 	hahahah lol . not sure how i put hid instead of hit lol 
should have just switched to blade dancer , go invisible , and boom . 	you do n't get your throwing knife cooldown when you switch back . it would be pointless . 
anyone else cringing when he kept jumping to avoid boomer blasts . it 's a level 6 for crying out loud ! 	one of the bounties was predator and prey , that 's 20 kills without taking damage from the enemy . 
how the hell did you keep the kill enemies without getting hit without accidentally completing it . 	that was a very tough one , i actually messed up my first attempt , but luckily xander resold it that morning . all i did was walk up to a dreg , get melee 'd and shoot them in the leg . 
should have just switched to blade dancer , go invisible , and boom . 	one of the bounties was for kills with a throwing knife , which means gunslinger only . 
it makes it that much better . that was decent range for a throwing knife headshot kill oh and my face was like : o when i saw those bounties pop 	that was my first thought , on top of the bounty buffet , that was a star quarterback knife throw . 
what genre is code geass ? 	psychological , action , drama .  it 's like death note , only much more epic 
i want to eat those flowers . i imagine that they taste like candies . 	the nectar is extremely sweet , almost like molasses , so you are not too far off ! 
at home so no one can see me cry . 	tears of joy ? 
norm , it 's a handshake . does norm realize that players shake hands after games too ? they also , and do n't tell norm , hug after games too . 	so you know less about the games than norm . can you show me an instance of two teams shaking hands or hugging during the playoffs ? 
norm , it 's a handshake . does norm realize that players shake hands after games too ? they also , and do n't tell norm , hug after games too . 	okay captain maturity . at least wait until the series is over . reminds me of when vince would get too friendly with his opponents during the game . there 's a time and a place . 
they do n't shake hands during playoff games . i do n't know what you have been watching . 	are you for real ? before game 1 they definitely did . i distinctly remember pierce giving the stadium announcer a fist bump and then doing the same to ross and another raptor . 
so you know less about the games than norm . can you show me an instance of two teams shaking hands or hugging during the playoffs ? 	search for game 1 on the internet , 10 minutes in on the espn feed ross and lowry give pierce props and a receive a pat on the back . 
also , try not to reply . if you make a good comment , just let it ride . 	same rules for being memorable at a party . drop in , make a solid quip or two and then ride off into the sunset . 
you need to have a karma off with a buddy . that will motivate you to post more . 	i did a race once on another account where we went for 30 days and whoever had the least bought the other 3 months gold . 
only non - pressers are real people . that 's why we have to stick together and keep each other from pressing . 	i 'll admit , i 've been tempted by the recent flood of red . i must stay strong until the end . 
karma is useless . reddit how you do . if it makes you happy , that 's all that counts . 	the point system is definitely needed to sort content but it 's the keeping score part that 's really a bit superfluous . 
person ? 	only non - pressers are real people . that 's why we have to stick together and keep each other from pressing . 
i was find that you do n't get in any arguments hardly ever like you and them are like a different breed for some shit . 	lol this sentence took me a few tries to parse . it 's early , just woke up and i 'm drinking beer and playing with my cat and browsing reddit . that sentence made me think hard . 
i can almost promise you it is because you had sex . friends having sex together can ruin the friendship . double so if one of them is cheating on someone . 	if that 's the case , i regret having sex with him . i 'd take my best friend over a weekend of sex any day . 
in tampa now , but i lived in winter park and then union park for a while . 	that 's cool ! small world . 
aw , well im glad you have her in your life . do you think you will meet her some day ?   	chances are slim so probably not . but we 're both pretty content with that considering we 've spent 7 - 8 years just communicating through text . 
i wish i could do this . my gf always thinks i 'm meeting girls online and then thinks i 'm gay cause i rather play video games with my homies . 	same , i do n't know why i never meet any good friends online anymore . 
do n't worry about appearances and people getting the wrong idea , friendo ! 	haha i did n't mean it in a bad way . just tried to answer questions before they were asked . 
edit : i responded to the wrong person just now .  you never know what can happen on this big crazy blue rock flying through space . 	haha that 's fine and that 's true . many things happen on this rock 
i live in tampa , and everyone here is only really fps 	fps ? first person shooter ? 
yes , it sure sucks playing for a team that has a bright future , in a market full of rabid fans that adore , in a jurisdiction with some of the lowest taxes in north america . 	do n't forget that edmonton is also probably the most left leaning city in alberta so it has one of the better education and health care systems in alberta . 
i do n't see the offensive part of this statement , but yeah ! 	they 're saying you 're out of touch and do n't know anything about this kind of situation in talking about when a team as been this bad for this long . 
jagr was traded there this year but just recently signed a contract with the panthers . wonder if he would have re - signed with edmonton in a similar scenario ? 	well , since he was n't a free agent when he signed the contract , what does it matter ? he was acquired through a trade . 
no offense to you red wings fans , but your team has n't been bad in so long , some of you were n't even born yet when they last missed the playoffs . : p 	go get my oxygen tank sonny . i remember the dead wings very well . 
wow that was fast . before the whole miller thing he was everyone 's favorite jet 	he still is . buff tends too get caught up in the play and forget about his defensive responsibilities . 
yes , it sure sucks playing for a team that has a bright future , in a market full of rabid fans that adore , in a jurisdiction with some of the lowest taxes in north america . 	as a lifelong albertan i can say that edmonton is a cold shithole . even winnipeg is a nicer city . i 'd much rather play in a u . s . market if that opportunity was there . 
iggy was just finishing building a house when he was traded . 	iginla had several homes at that point . i 'm not sure it 's the same scenario . 
no offense to you red wings fans , but your team has n't been bad in so long , some of you were n't even born yet when they last missed the playoffs . : p 	i do n't see the offensive part of this statement , but yeah ! 
edmonton has all the tools and assets to build a very good team it 's not even fair . 	moreso now than ever .  i 'd like to keep the core we have and build off it , but if mcdavid pans out , he will command a high payday , and it may make it tough to keep them all . 
yep . edm is my west coast team to watch and if they had 2 top defenseman that could rat up 20 - 25 minutes a game . that would put them on the playoff bubble at least . 	that just sounds weird that you call us a west coast team , we are n't even in the same time zone and are a land locked province . 
also did n't he just build a house there ? i think he 's good . 	iggy was just finishing building a house when he was traded . 
dion 's contract makes his value very very low . i would not take that deal if i were edmonton unless toronto retained significant salary . 	idk tons of teams have been after him . toronto really blows it out of proportion that he 's somehow bad . imo a good player in a terrible team and he takes so , so much of the flak 
what 's his contract status ? how many years and how much dough ?  on a strictly player for player basis , i do eberle for buff no question . 	eberle and next year 's 1st for buff might get you to the table . in no way is eberle worth buff straight up . 
you guys have owned the last 15 years , let us have this . 	i get what you 're sayin , but this year is probably our last chance . maybe 1 more if we 're lucky . you got the next 15 years ! 
if its near soul , while i was there i had the hardest time finding any store that sold them . the only one i could find was near the olympic center . 	i 'm going to be in the northern part of seoul . i do n't mind buying sealed boxes , etc . but i 'm only going to commit to two , or three decks . 
korean booster boxes are like 20 - 30 usd arent they ? i was thinking of grabbing a few sometime soon , is there anywhere else thats cheaper ? 	well if you get it in korea , or from a korean online shop it 's only like 12 - 15 usd max . 
i 'm going to take a stab with context rules and guess you meant to say digits for when you run ? 	yeah . i was trying to type as fast as i could before class started 
you know , i really have no idea . any time i give myself credit , i automatically follow it up with negative things . 	the only piece of advice i have is : stop .  just relax . you 're probably great . i 'm sure you 'll find someone awesome to be with , just do n't expect it immediately . 
are you in high school ? 	i graduated a year ago actually but i 'm still not in college 
the funny thing is , i do n't wanna stop . i hope there is someone though . someone to make my life less mundane . 	you do n't want to stop putting yourself down ?  that 's completely absurd . 
i 've got poison ivy on both my legs , my arms , my left hand and i believe my right eye , i see no point to this stupid plant other than to annoy me . 	yeah , if poison ivy were a person , they 'd be a douche . 
you are absolutely right . i was a bit harsh , the point is that it does take money and time to manage ; generally . 	that 's true , but i feel as if the actual amount is actually exaggerated in media . 
my condolences . did you try ? if yes , then do n't feel too bad . 	nah i did n't . it was n't that big of a bummer . it just asked my friend because i knew he would know . 
the only piece of advice i have is : stop .  just relax . you 're probably great . i 'm sure you 'll find someone awesome to be with , just do n't expect it immediately . 	the funny thing is , i do n't wanna stop . i hope there is someone though . someone to make my life less mundane . 
i 'm glad someone likes it . so far everyone i know says the long hair look was better . 	i just got my hair cut this weekend , i thought my hair sucked , but other people seem to love it .    hair , man : p 
your team comp this week is kinda predictable . i 'd love to see you put some weird team together next time 	yeah , i kinda figured that , although it is insanely fun . i 'll see what i can put together next week ! 
agreed . i would n't put a washer and dryer in the kitchen . 	unfortunately this is the norm for the style of house we live in . because of the existing wall to the left of the washer and dryer we can not build a cabinet around them . 
i am not putting the money into a remodel in this house . i am just doing little things so my wife and i can sell it and get a house more suited to our needs . 	one with a laundry room , presumably ? 
remind me of the babe ! 	i saw my baby crying hard as babes could cry , what could i do ? 
i feel happy for you i , on the other hand , feel nothing : p 	well . sorry . we all experience it differently . ; p 
mount lincoln and cameron point ?   	nope , different state . 
awesome advice and points . thanks for responding with your personal story . it 's obvious what i need to do - focus on my business 	businesses . even if one is hurting you can and should spend 1 - 2 hours a week on a second income line . maybe uber or something like it . 
this happens like , 30 times during a game ? 	it would n't be crazy to say it happens between 30 - 60 times a game and possibly multiple times there is an actual board battle going on . 
if you missed it , anime - export did n't list him last night , so they will probably list it tonight or this weekend . 	looks like their page says bandai september items preorder will start on may 7th due to golden week . so keep an eye on it 
i just looked this morning and go figure , whoever owned it last cut the tag off . i 'm so sorry , this pains me as well ! 	is there a care label still attached ? you can look the manufacturer by the rn number ! 
the shirts are photoshopped on the models to look opaque , when in reality they are see - through . 	they might also be wearing a skin tone colored bra . 
correct me if i 'm wrong but does n't them playing in the ahl count towards their games played that would burn a year of their contracts ?  because if so , then absolutely do n't do it . 	no , it wo n't affect their nhl contracts . they ca n't play in the ahl with their nhl contract due to the chl restrictions , so they play with the ahl team on a tryout contract . 
correct me if i 'm wrong but does n't them playing in the ahl count towards their games played that would burn a year of their contracts ?  because if so , then absolutely do n't do it . 	nope , that 's for nhl games . 
correct me if i 'm wrong but does n't them playing in the ahl count towards their games played that would burn a year of their contracts ?  because if so , then absolutely do n't do it . 	pretty sure that is n't the case for the ahl , since jensen came over in the middle of one year and did n't get a year taken off his entry level contract . i could be totally wrong however . 
i 'm not because a psychedelic renaissance sounds awful . keep that shit lowkey and fuck you . 	why does that sound awful to you ? 
please , not another friday of the shit abyss , mr lahey 	eh , fuck it . 
downvote someone for answering the question posed . if they are n't being a dick , move along . people abuse downvotes on here waaay too much . 	came here to say this , apparently being honest on certain questions just is n't ok with the reddit police .  ask question , get answer . that 's how it works . 
he was a president . his title will be president clinton . we 'll have two presidents clinton living in the white house . 	who would answer first when someone called that out from the press box ? 
pretty sure you are n't interested in st knives but let me know if you 're interested in adding a bit for a st fn p4 bayonet doppler 	yeah , gonna pass . thank you though ! 
i have about a half bottle of 117 left . i actually do n't mind sending it to you for free if you just pay the shipping . 	omg , that would be amazing . thank you so much ! should i pm you my email address so you can send me an invoice via paypal ?  thank you ! 
wow this game just gets better and better ! i cant wait to hear what this game comes without next ! 	why though ? this is good news . if you watch any of the original star wars movies , the storm troopers always shot from the hip . 
what are your plans for backing up your 1tb data drive ? 	good question . i have a lot of external drives lying around the house , so i suppose i 'll use one of those . 
i would have been jealous of those side burns as well at that age .   	as someone that grew facial hair young and very quickly , you can take it . it 's a pain in the ass to shave daily . 
math does not add . 	what ? you mean this phd in mathematics i hold is worthless ? 
20 years ago them tight ass pants would have caught you a beating at my high school . 	however , in the 80s those would have been considered loose pants . 
i 'd watch out for your mom being on the black guy 	my mom 's asian . she 'd be all over that white guy if my sister already was n't . 
who cares . esports does n't need to be a sport . poker has been around for hundreds of years . 	a sport is a competitive game . if card games qualify , why would n't video games ? that argument makes no sense , how old something is does n't matter . 
damn son . well drive safe is all i 'm asking 	yeah normally do . only done one top speed run . everything else stays on the track . 
yeah i got a question . why is the michelin man white if the tires he sell are black ? 	pre civil war slave market stuff right there . 
you better . or else your car is gonna be full of watermelon pieces . 	that actually does n't sound too bad . 
which just raises more questions . how large is the demographic of car owners installing their own air bags ?  i 'm confused by all of this . 	i always put aftermarket air bags in my cars . usually the first thing mod i do . 
yeah i got a question . why is the michelin man white if the tires he sell are black ? 	why are there reese 's flavored oreos now when they already have peanut butter and the cookies are chocolate ? the world may never know . 
yeah i got a question . why is the michelin man white if the tires he sell are black ? 	so that cops wo n't shoot the costume guy ? 
yeah i got a question . why is the michelin man white if the tires he sell are black ? 	i do n't know , but that 's a waste of a damn fine watermelon . 
volvo owner here . i feel safe as fuck , especially because i drive safe as fuck . 	another volvo owner here . mine tops out at about 137 mph . i 'm slightly disappointed the governor is so low . 
the thing is , there 's someone out there who does this exact thing in a very non - joking fashion . 	yes , but that guy right there was joking . 
i do n't know , but that 's a waste of a damn fine watermelon . 	they probably had some black people there to clean it up . 
i had everyone tell me if i put non - honda transmission fluid in my honda everything would go wrong in my life . 	they 're not wrong , honda uses non standard clutch material and as such normal atf is n't blended correctly for them . does it work yeah sure , is it right ? hell no . 
yeah i got a question . why is the michelin man white if the tires he sell are black ? 	you could 've typed that exact same question into google and gotten an immediate answer . 
you could 've typed that exact same question into google and gotten an immediate answer . 	google did n't ask if we had any questions . the submission did . 
the point is not that your brain is unprotected ; the point is that the protection of the skull is less than ideal : your brain is still hella squishy and in a crash it may suffer damage . 	dewey is thinking more about your brains splashing all over the inside of your car like the watermelon instead of your brains scrambling while still inside your skull . 
it 's not really the operating system for me , i just hate the phone layout . sorry if i did n't make that clear 	yeah , not a fan either . 
still hoping for something civ 4 modded or so , he loves the game and talked about it on the streams . 	he did mention that he was wanting to play it again . 
maybe online as in one or two friends can join your game on xbl or something . 	yep , a combo of journey and dark souls style . you can adventure with a party but occasionally run into another party . 
thanks ! the guy ca n't help it . he 's just a radiant dude . 	radiant , or goofball ? maybe both .  btw , where are you guys playing next ?   
an arduino controlled rfid lock box that i made in class a couple years back : p 	had to google that . thats brilliant my friend  
so you deny that rebel success ultimately leads to isis success ? 	saa failure leads to is success . 
most authoritarian subs employ class war already . new accounts cannot post threads for example . or can only post every 8 minutes . or need cooldowns once they are in negative karma . 	i make new accounts regularly and the most annoying part is karma farming for your first 10 - 15 posts . 
voat is kind of a thing , at least . slowly . 	then there we may find a home along side 8chan . 
true , the haes movement is stupid . i ca n't get behind the fph sub though because it 's very vindictive and judgmental . 	i hear they have a brigading issue and not many fitness sub 's are fans . 
i really have trouble seeing why anyone would want you as a moderator . 	i know right ? what is it about being a kia mod that just automatically turns you into a salty sjw cancer cuck shill ?   
kind of a long shot of a question but do you know what happened to this post ? 	i guess op deleted it . 
i had to unsub just because there 's no real point of the sub . i could n't find any good conversations there . glad i did n't hang around if this kind of thing is going on too . 	i 've been ditching a lot of the default subs . how are some of them default , when they suck so much ? 
there 's no sense in arguing if you do n't consider the possibility that you might be wrong . 	alright then , i do n't know what your exact position is , so could you start us off with a position to debate ? 
yep , i 've been banned from a lot of subs i 've visited for posting at fph . 	i visit fph , please ban me if you 're fat and a moderator , i do n't want to get stuck in your orbit . 
not unlimited , but at least 4 or 5 . 	would n't change much having more than 5 lol i do n't remember having to go there more than 3 times in a day . it would be easier to just make it unlimited 
i 'll take that bet . 1 win better ? i 'll take that .  and i 'll take that bet strictly off the regular season , not the post - season .  i 'm assuming you meant the line was 1 . 5 wins . 	that bet sounds good to me at 1 . 5 games . i 'm about to take an operating systems final , so i 'll get back to you afterwards . what do you want to put on the line ? 
we 're too high . we 're a high teen team until our secondary shows otherwise . 	that 's the problem with these preseason polls though . i think everyone is listed too high . no team has proved themselves yet . until some games are actually played it 's all speculation . 
that bet sounds good to me at 1 . 5 games . i 'm about to take an operating systems final , so i 'll get back to you afterwards . what do you want to put on the line ? 	depends . you feeling something minor , medium , or major , and short , medium , or long term ? 
ou fans need to cut out this self - loathing shit . 	right ? oh boo hoo . we had such a horrible year , how will we ever survive another 8 win season . 
i could totally see a alabama - ohio state rematch in the semi 's this year . the only difference being they swap their seeds .  ok that last part sounded pretty dirty . 	i ca n't . it 's hard enough for one team to repeat , much less two . 
oh good , i have a large amount of hope now that can crush my soul when we inevitably lose to like pitt or some shit . 	wake forest ? 
our schedule this year will be much easier than in 2016 , but it still does n't justify us being ranked so high . 	no , not really . and the jj hype is unreal . 
no . no . no . we 're too high . this has got to stop . 	i really have no idea why we are getting so much pre - season hype . we should probably be in the teens . 
i would like a home - and - home with boise state . 	that would be fun . i would n't mind traveling down to florida to watch a game . 
depends on if you like the beast , although he 's a pretty shit card . i would de for boom . 	i kinda figured this would be the response . i 've only been playing for around a month so far and i 'm trying to build up all my decks . 
no . no he did n't . this exactly same picture was posted less than a week ago .  reposts are fine . lies are not . 	if this is a repost i was unaware . my friend texted me this saying he saw it in traffic . my bad . 
fuck yeah delaware ! 	fuck yea i love delaware too . born and raised . 
holy shit that guys in de ? how have i never seen this before ! 	not sure what state he is in right now . he travels a lot for work . 
no religion involved . do you think men should sleep with men and women with women ? 	people should have the power to fuck whoever they 're in a consenting relationship with , yes . 
no religion involved . do you think men should sleep with men and women with women ? 	if both are consenting adults , then yes . nobody but the two people involved gets to make a decision for them . 
where do you work that you are paid in celery ? sounds like a bad neighborhood to me . 	local vegetable garden . sorry if come across as a bit corny . 
local vegetable garden . sorry if come across as a bit corny . 	i personally do n't carrot all 
i feel perfectly safe , but thats also because i know where the hell i 'm going . 	where do you work that you are paid in celery ? sounds like a bad neighborhood to me . 
if you reads his 3 last tweets i think that too . i 'm almost all in tsm i hope this is my night . not that i have that high of a value inventory but meh : d 	remindme ! in 2 hours with the message rich or retarded ? 
hm , i dont know what you think , but for me he doesnt feel too confident . 	if you reads his 3 last tweets i think that too . i 'm almost all in tsm i hope this is my night . not that i have that high of a value inventory but meh : d 
they extend it to 5 min later , still cant bet . what the fuck  no one cares if its 10 min ago or 5 min later , if they ca n't bet . make it at : 30 	yeah wtf ? oh yeah btw it might start 22 : 15 so we just put it up until then cause then you still wo n't be able to bet . 
now sit back and watch the tsm magic edit : nevermind , we 're not in there boys 2nd edit : nevermind , we overtime boys 3rd edit : we did it boys 	let 's hope , man i 'm stressing 
yeah wtf ? oh yeah btw it might start 22 : 15 so we just put it up until then cause then you still wo n't be able to bet . 	because everyone cares so much about if they are on point with their game start time . i saw 12 min ago at some point , they could have extended this for 20 min 
what , you thought it was going to be cheap to have predator vision ? 	no , but i did n't expect the 5000 dollar range 
i 'm actually here today for a campus visit and it 's really nice 	yeah its really great , if you have the chance to stop by the jackson street building it should be open for a tour 
i do this thing where i write nice letters . maybe its an encouraging one telling them it 'll be ok , sometimes i tell stories , sometimes i write lyrics etc just anything nice 	yeah that 's quite cool , where would you leave them ?  care to share any of the stories ? : d haha but yeah i do like to write stories myself , so good idea , thanks . 
sumail got super hyped after dac but i dunno , i really do n't think he 's anywhere near the best player on eg overall . 	people have short memories . people are quick to forget sumail 's dac performance after ts3 because he underperformed .  but imo , him and universe were the mvps at dac . 
i only disagree with your ranking of skill . fear is consistently good , and sumail is the most unreliable player on the team .  also , false : secret or c9 have the most annoying fans . 	i agree with you . ppd won them more games at the summit than any other team player , followed by universe . 
you 're just the worst kind of person . 	the worst thing actually is , a lot of people were laughing in the comments , too 
patience is key . 	so a 70 year old fossil will play dota like hes master roshi . 
and the old alliance fans that jumped ship , too . 	and now with annoying arteezy fanboys sprinkled on top . 
frustrating to lose again . we need to be more clinical in the final 3rd , our possession is good . 	we just ca n't find that final pass . it reminds me of the barcelona vs chelsea cl final where barca just could n't get that pass in the final third . 
it does n't remind me of that at all . and i 'm a barca fan , i remember that game all too well 	well that 's the best comparison i cons make .  fernando torres never forget . 
we just ca n't find that final pass . it reminds me of the barcelona vs chelsea cl final where barca just could n't get that pass in the final third . 	it does n't remind me of that at all . and i 'm a barca fan , i remember that game all too well 
sounds like that last is not a good match for your feet . i 'd seek other options . 	yeah , every time i 've held onto a pair of shoes that fit poorly , i 've regretted it . you 'll just always be dissatisfied with them . 
ya , but i 'm pretty sure the u . s . mint is there . not sure if they make money in other places too . 	if you look on coins there will be a small d or p on the face side , the d is for denver the p is for philadelphia 
i love x - men and blondes in tiny thongs . 	then i guess i 'm your girl ! 
interesting , i look forward to the other parts ! 	thanks , should get next part up tomorrow . 
a girl bending under her desk while a guy mercilessly fingered her asshole from behind . another guy just sat beside them and masturbated to it . 	is there any other way to finger an asshole ? mercy has no place in the asshole finger bang game 
she should have been lifting with her legs , not her back . that 's an injury waiting to happen . did you coach her on proper lifting technique ? 	i just thought too long about the mechanics between back and leg lifting and the exposure level of underwear . 
a girl bending under her desk while a guy mercilessly fingered her asshole from behind . another guy just sat beside them and masturbated to it . 	guys , he clearly works in it . 
a girl bending under her desk while a guy mercilessly fingered her asshole from behind . another guy just sat beside them and masturbated to it . 	do you work in porn ? 
ref is calling a time out . what the actual fuck ? 	damn . where do i apply ? 
glad to find more people who love the yuri goodness . 	who does n't love yuri goodness ? yuri is love , yuri is life 
this website gave me cancer . 	a paywall and a nag - wall on the same page takes some beating . 
if they 're feeling threatened , why would n't they go to israel ? 	turkey is their country , not israel . 
a lot of technologies we use are spin - offs from the military 	yes , for example the first contract they will be bidding on will be for launching gps satellites . 
get rid of liquor license limits and the huge expense , no byob problems in fact , you should be able to byob at all hours . what ever happened to freedom ? 	i want to be able to byob and have restaurants sell drinks . 
man , castro is pretty useless 	yep , our 3x all star is pretty terrible , we should trade him 
cubs will have soler and montero off the bench tonight .  i miss them in the lineup early in the game , but i love the perk of having them available for big pinch - hit abs . 	i loved miggy 's comment last night about wishing he could hit a homer as far as bryant does lol 
serious question :  do you think this is a playoff team this year ? this is n't a loaded question i 'm actually curious . 	going into the season i had us pegged at 83 wins . i 'd adjust my prediction upward after seeing the first two months , but i still think we end up on the outside looking in by a game or two . 
i might be using your idea . if you win you can choose who the gold goes to . 	well it is getting a little late , sounds like decision time . 
yep , our 3x all star is pretty terrible , we should trade him 	yep , just like that gold glove 2nd baseman that we did n't trade . 
little tiny bit of hope left somewhere on your doubtful heart ? 	i hope , but i am a naturally extremely pessimistic person . 
fucking defense might have just cost us the game . 	lot of baseball left to play dude . 
you 're right to be scared , max . 	he 's so scared , his eyes are changing color in fear 
son of a bitch ! lol how beautiful would that have been if that left the park ? 	dat lester boy has a sweet swing , i tells ya .  but , you know , not really . 
rizzo probably should have handled that , but that should have just been an easy throw to begin with . 	yeah , it 's one where the error has to go to russell , but rizzo probably should make that play . oh well .  that was fortunately little damage for such a gross inning . 
the only reason scherzer is such a good pitcher is that batters are just distracted by his mutant eyes . 	it 's a really groovy mutation , though . 
i wore kvd poe lipstick at sasquatch music festival this weekend and it stayed on through all the heat and sweat ! 	nice ! 
great interview .  really like james cameron now , the former truck driver . too bad he did n't get any of that titanic money . 	he ended up making over 100 million off of it in the end . the guys worth nearly 1 billion now ! 
story wise yes , the action scenes in t3 were legit though 	the bit with the crane truck was awesome . 
how well did terminator 2 do ? i 'm surprised that did n't break records at the time . 	i know it broke cost records . it was a great film . im surprised it didnt as well . 
did you watch the interview ? he did n't make much from titanic . 	what he said , and what actually happened is very different . cameron made a fortune on top of fortune for that movie . i think he got the back end profits , like 700 million dollars and growing 
he could buy a third world country with that amount of cheese . hey jim can you spare a brother a couple bucks ? 	yeah , but who wants one of those dirty things ? 
yeah . this may sound silly . but i think that in 15 years , people will say the same thing about marc maron . i just wish maron could book huge celebrities like howard can . 	he interviewed terry gross . he 's seen the top of the mountain . 
he 's been married four times , i 'm thinking that he 's probably a very difficult guy to live with . 	five times actually . four times when that interview was done . but to his credit , he and his fifth wife have been going strong for 15 years and counting . 
i never got why cameron gets so much shit online . he seems like a nice and smart dude who follows his dreams .  he has also done so much for deep sea studies .  why all the hate ? 	because he 's an asshole . the fact that he 's a genius and made landmark films does not negate his being an asshole . 
why did they film a radio show with multiple cameras in 1997 ? did it air on tv or something ? 	they would have women come on the show nude . 
its good , really pretty on a big ol tv . you like dances with wolves ? 	it 's been so long since i 've seen that movie . 
and a vengeful crew member spiced the cafeteria food with psp or something . 	at least it was n't a vita . 
do they still do small penis contests ? 	butt plug ring toss ? midget tossing ? 
i never got why cameron gets so much shit online . he seems like a nice and smart dude who follows his dreams .  he has also done so much for deep sea studies .  why all the hate ? 	he gets a lot of flack on reddit but he 's worshipped as a god on 4chan 's television and film board . 
every time i watch spider - man i get upset that james franco is n't peter . 	pretty boy james franco as nerdy poor science geek peter parker ? really ? 
opening weekend numbers are just the tip of the iceberg . 	opening weekend for titanic actually was n't great . it did n't hit number one until it 's second weekend i believe . 
i am actually . i never said it was out of the ordinary . 	i thought you were actually . i just wanted to have a clever way of pointing out that howard stern 's audience is a little unusual . 
avatar as a movie was meh . but avatar as an example of technology seen in a 3 - d movie theater was anything but . i still get chills thinking about seeing some of those scenes . 	the night scene where everything was glowing will never leave my mind . 
opening weekend numbers are just the tip of the iceberg . 	titanic sinks at the box office : laden with gold 
they were marketing it more as a disaster movie at that point . 	and it turned out to be a great romance . 
this is one of the best interviews with jim in my opinion . howard seems to relax him more than most other interviewers have been able to , shame it was n't longer really . 	on howard stern you really have time to talk . on tv talk shows you do 1 or 2 5 - 7 minute segments . this video is double the length of the max you 'd get on one of those shows . 
he really likes pocahontas , why mess with a good thing ? 	he really like dat thang , why mess with dat thang 
if 3 and 4 had been directed by him , i think they 'd have made much more money . 	no .  just google how much money r rated movies make .  there 's a reason why avatar is pg . there 's a reason they fucked the die hard franchise by going to pg . 
the bit with the crane truck was awesome . 	that 's the only part that really stands out to me . 
there 's no spoiler there . saying that leo dicaprio was in the water is hardly a revelation considering it 's a film about a boat sinking . 	you say that only because everyone has seen the movie . if you have n't seen the movie then it 's a spoiler . he dies in the end . spoiler . 
a lot of the stuff this year has been solid , ronnie has been great , the best interviews , and that giant wack pack discussion was awesome 	your cover is blown jd . 
howard is an incredible interviewer . did n't start listening until he moved to sirius . but oh my god his interviews are amazing . 	you should check out his pre - sirius work if you have n't already , it 's amazing . 
this is one of the best interviews with jim in my opinion . howard seems to relax him more than most other interviewers have been able to , shame it was n't longer really . 	i would assume you have seen much of his work , mr . james cameron scholar 
ca n't believe i had to scroll this far to find someone else talking about this . does the script exist online ? 	yeah , it 's been talked about for over 15 years . the script is a mess and the movie would n't have been spider - man from the comics .  we dodged a bullet on that one . 
it 's always a good idea to ask although i always dress in barn - appropriate attire because they normally ask me to do something during the interview 	i asked when i received a call about the interview time and she said barn clothes . 
so its like , hotline miami ? the 2 games that it claims it pulls inspiration from i dont see at all . 	it 's got the same top - down shooter feel , just with some more rpg elements . there 's a demo you can play to see for yourself 
a female dog in heat . 	a hot bitch . 
just clean the whole list by left clicking names .  spammers who advertise their site rarely use their account for very long .  or change private chat to friends only 	you add them to ignore so you do n't see them talk at all , that wo n't solve much 
there 's always that annoying butterfly kisses song : p 	my 6 '2 and pretty heavy dad cries every time he hears that song . when i do get married i 'm pretty sure he wants that to be the song we dance to but honestly i 'll leave it up to him . 
i also have a pstv and play my psp games on there , full screen . ca n't complain about my pickup today though . 	dude im so jelly of that sweet stand you got ! i have a ps tv as well and i support your purchase ! 
awesome , that 's more than enough give me a few minutes : p 	cool ! i 'll be waiting . could be that i 'm called away for dinner tho , so in that case i 'll try to be back within 30 minutes . 
no , it 's included in the havoc dlc . season pass holders only got the weapon early , before the actual dlc pack was released . 	no we never .  it did n't work . 
dibs on the band name . 	lettuce is already a band . they fucking rock . so you just need the beef wellington ensemble for a group charity concert . 
bloody fingers ; bloody nose . 	wait , you do n't call it a finger bleed ? 
what if someone punched you ? here in the states , one can get a bloody nose from being hit , but it would be weird to call that a nosebleed . a nosebleed is spontaneous . 	we 're too posh to punch people ! preposterous ! 
no middle earth is in new zealand . 	middle earth is the whole world , the shire represents england . 
all my knowledge of british cursing comes from gordon ramsay . 	gordon , the greatest brit who ever lived ! 
we do n't call it a bloody nose , we 'd call it a nose bleed . nice try , get back in the shower you bloody idiot ! 	do you call it a vagina bleed too ? 
yeah if blood is coming out of your nose , we call it a nosebleed regardless of what caused it . 	so your language does not allow for the distinction between a normally occurring random nose bleed and an injured nose ?  how crude . 
middle earth is based upon the midlands in england . 	the central part of the shire is based upon the midlands , however the shire as a whole is where england is in modern european maps and the shire is based on the merry england idea . 
is that near middle earth ? 	no , it 's on the surface of earth . 
we do n't call it a bloody nose , we 'd call it a nose bleed . nice try , get back in the shower you bloody idiot ! 	damn it , you get there before me , fair play 
your taking the mic , i like that ! 	how rude , give the kind man his microphone back . 
i 'm also using ios . sorry if you are using android  	its cross platform . i play with my friend who has ios and im on droid . 
ok , i am having this problem and i am only 12 weeks . i started putting cocoa butter on them , and it helps . its really weird but i think it has to do with the changes that are happening . 	will have to try this . i have eczema that has flared up pretty badly during this pregnancy . i 've been using my medicine for that but it does n't really help . 
dude 's got game . 	yup one of my favorite role players . he 's an insane 3pt shooter , top ten in the nba . 
my front squat is ok , but definitely lagging behind my squat by weightlifting standards . i have n't tested it in a while but i 'm probably hanging around 140 - 145 . 	you should post some clean form checks because 112 is low for that front squat . 
so you are saying that you cant feel any difference when using laser vs optical ? it might just be that you are broken . 	i feel the diff between laser and optical but i feel none when playing with mouse acc and without . 
he could be totally normal looking if he wanted to be . 	he used to be . hes a great artist too , like really good . 
they do n't blow the play dead when the clock strikes 0 . only when the play is over . wilson could have ran around for half an hour , if no one tackles him . 	at which point they take 3 points . carroll says it in the mic 'd up segment . that 's the whole point . the patriots need them to play for 3 . 
if it 's a team effort and intentional , tack on 15 yards for unsportsmanlike conduct for each occurrence after the first ? 	it still would n't have mattered . you ca n't have multiple safeties on one play . 
the crazy thing about that play is no holding penalty was even thrown . 10 ravens were holding and not one flag . 	are you sure about that ? i thought i remembered a flag being thrown . either way i thought it was an incredibly clever play call . 
i actually think you cannot decline certain penalties , like a false - start or delay of game . 	is this actually true or are you basing it on madden games ? 
nope , they did that shit and they got their punishment . compared to the pats who for some reason only get slaps on the wrist . 	the maximum fine and losing a first round pick is a slap in the wrist ? grow up . 
the big one would be taking an intentional delay of game to give your punter more room to work with . it seems like teams do that relatively often . 	though , ca n't the other side decline the penalty ? you could have a stalemate , punting team intentionally running out the play clock and opposing side continually declining said penalty . 
though , ca n't the other side decline the penalty ? you could have a stalemate , punting team intentionally running out the play clock and opposing side continually declining said penalty . 	i actually think you cannot decline certain penalties , like a false - start or delay of game . 
if it were intentional , they 'd have put 15 guys out there . there 's still some risk that the offense can make a play that would be better than the penalty with only 1 extra defender . 	15 would be too obvious , refs will blow it dead before the play if they notice it . 
ya , but its not like the pass rush is just standing there doing nothing . 	if the secondary is occupied tackling every receiver , it kind of leaves some openings for the te or rb to take a dump - off pass and make a play . 
i would have preferred to see the defense just stop them from driving down the field without a penalty . 	sewing that bb did not call the to at the end of the game , i get the sense he trusts the defense completely and expects them to make the play 
haha that 's pretty clever . has the nfl not brought in an extra penalty for teams trying something like this ? does n't really fit within the spirit of the rules . 	i believe in 2008 they made it a dead ball penalty to have 12 or more on field . or at least proposed it 
the crazy thing about that play is no holding penalty was even thrown . 10 ravens were holding and not one flag . 	why throw the flag though ? it 's a safety either way , it 's a waste of time at that point 
lol harvin . you sure know what you 're talking about 	oops , of course it was n't harvin . that 's embarrassing , but confusing the player does n't affect the validity of my point . 
the penalty would still be effective . so they can sack wilson all they want , they still get another play because of a defensive penalty . 	yeah but then it would be the last play no matter what so they would have to kick the field goal from the one . which is what the op is getting at . 
i would have preferred to see the defense just stop them from driving down the field without a penalty . 	i would 've preferred if the db did n't play 10 yards deep in the endzone . 
ya , but the defenders were n't told to hold and do everything to prevent a td on that play either 	does n't change they could n't tackle wilson . even with a free shot at him . 
delay of game is on the qb and brady was taking the snap in the endzone . 	it is a pre - snap penalty . the ball is never in the end zone so it ca n't be a safety . 
ya , but its not like the pass rush is just standing there doing nothing . 	the penalty would still be effective . so they can sack wilson all they want , they still get another play because of a defensive penalty . 
if it were intentional , they 'd have put 15 guys out there . there 's still some risk that the offense can make a play that would be better than the penalty with only 1 extra defender . 	an official can tack on a 15 yard unsportsmanlike conduct for flagrant violation of the 12 men rule . that 's why . also coughlin said they did n't do it intentionally . 
from someone who 's grown up my whole life in atlanta , if and when ever i move somewhere waffle house will be one of the first things i miss . 	grew up in atlanta . live in non waffle house land . can confirm . miss dearly . 
do n't worry about it . 	how dismissive . it 's still the case that feminists can care about how they look . 
how would you describe the taste of butter tea ? i 've yet to try some . 	i 'd say it 's closer to taking soup than to drinking tea . it can be very filling , after a few mugs . 
haha , i set it up a couple hours ago . all buzzfeed posts will now go to the spam box . we can still manually approve the articles if they are truly worthwhile . 	top 10 reasons that wo n't happen 
30 miles ? dang . how long does that take to bike ? 	it 's about 16 miles each way , so a little over an hour . i love bike commuting ! 
you did not take this picture . that is not your wife . if it was you would have realised what i was getting at . sad little man you are . 	lol you 're full of shit , mate 
if they implement a trading system , theres going to be people selling elites and idiots who would buy them . not something i think people want . 	fair point . that 's why it would be better if you could just not get duplicates . 
i do n't think garfield made a good peter parker in my opinion . i def think he captured the charisma of spiderman very well though 	i 'm with you great accurate spider - man , but his peter was annoying at points and just does 'nt really have the parker vibe 
spider - man and doctor strange do have a lot of cameo 's in each others stories though , do n't they ? 	it happens , but not a ton . i think it 's the sort of thing that is n't a big deal in comics , but would be tough to pull off in a movie .  never say never though ! 
it 's confirmed that andrew garfield is n't spider - man anymore . 	where has it been confirmed ? sony nor marvel have said . the only people that are reporting that is wsj and i forget the outlet media outlet . 
if they were going to do movies based off of miles then i would n't mind donald . i do n't think miles morales is big enough to have his own movie though at the moment . 	i feel like glover is way too old to play miles . is n't miles like 12 ? 
yeah , i figure even the worst thing that somebody with feige hanging around could come up with would be better than most of the recent spider - man films 	breaking news : feige kills self after 10 minutes in sony writers room . 
it would be a little weird seeing him in a movie with magic . he typically works best in grounded stories . but ya never know . 	spider - man and doctor strange do have a lot of cameo 's in each others stories though , do n't they ? 
i respect your opinion and will still love you in the morning . 	i thought i was gonna get lynched , that 's a load off my back 
any speculation about what movie he will appear in ? 	civil war maybe . if he is to get a solo movie by 2017 , it would make sense since he is one of the main characters . the iron spider suit would look amazing on the big screen ! 
7 , 000 - 10 , 000 soldiers in boko haram ? seems relatively small , why do n't we just wipe them out ? 	because large scale western intervention will just piss the people who live there off even more . see the blackhawk down fiasco . 
7 , 000 - 10 , 000 soldiers in boko haram ? seems relatively small , why do n't we just wipe them out ? 	did you miss the part where he said that they pretty much force conscription on people ? how many of that 10 , 000 are truly evil and how many are just doing whatever they can to stay alive ? 
why does he go really low in time at the end of every point ? it 's very distracting . 	it 's because he 's super serious . 
i have some . i do n't eat it every meal , or even regularly . i keep some around for when i really do n't feel like cooking or have forgotten my lunch . 	how does it taste ? 
have you ever seen batman the animated series . that had people being straight up shot . 	pretty rarely , let 's be honest . the only one i can remember is commissioner gordon in one episode , unless you count the implications of the flashbacks to the night bruce 's parents died . 
how does it taste ? 	by itself , slightly sweet and a little grainy . think liquid unsweetened cereal . however , you can easily flavor it .    that being said , it does kill hunger cravings pretty handedly . 
they want to turn everyone into earth ponies ? 	of course . unicorns have no right to rule other than by force of magic and their pegasus troops . the tyranny has gone on too long ! 
by itself , slightly sweet and a little grainy . think liquid unsweetened cereal . however , you can easily flavor it .    that being said , it does kill hunger cravings pretty handedly . 	how many calories are in a typical drink ? 
i help run a stupid community of drunk horse lovers . 	are the horses drunk or are we ? or is it both ? 
this was at a 4 way stop intersection . the driver who hit me decided stop signs were obsolete today 	it seems like nobody knows what to do at four - way stops these days .  roundabouts are a good option to prevent bad drivers from causing accidents like these . 
this was at a 4 way stop intersection . the driver who hit me decided stop signs were obsolete today 	damn sorry to hear that bro . there are too many assholes on the road these days 
how would the pet keeper would actually work ? please elaborate . 	maybe , the game applies a summon command near the villager . 
aww that sucks . i still have to finish the first one , but my save file got corrupted 	yeah this was actually my first dragon age game . it really makes me wish i had played the first two . 
yeah this was actually my first dragon age game . it really makes me wish i had played the first two . 	i heard the second one is n't worth playing , but i really like the first one 
i know , i actually think that it is good for social interaction , i just do n't think that it should go any further than that .   	exactly its not professional so it shouldnt be in the professional world .   
also - with any iud she can tuck the strings up around the cervix so they do n't poke you . just do n't get them cut short . leave them long and bend them around and up . 	thanks ! i will mention that go her . the appointment is n't for the next few days so she still has time to decide . 
he went right for the knees . 	i kinda saw that , but i feel like he got seguin closer to the middle of his thigh rather than directly the knee 
they 're playing emotional games fit for people half their age . 	for sure . i had to double check because i thought it was high school for a second ! 
this whole album is just perfection . 	one of the best i was actually surprised i dug you blew its cover ep as much as i did . and most surprisingly was that i really liked their only in dreams cover 
this whole album is just perfection . 	totally agree . this is one of those rare albums where every song is great , and you never reach for the skip button . 
it 's an older pop punk song , but it checks out 	it 's not really a pop punk song at all , so no , it does n't quite check out . 
i always get confused about global ready . is that referring to verizon 's network ? or for it mean i can pop in a foreign sim card and it 'd work ? 	it means you can pop a foreign sim card in it and it will work . the truth is that all verizon 4g lte devices are unlocked for international use right out of the box , including the droid turbo . 
creepy elsa is killing the a - dork - able bed - head anna vibes . 	that 'd be horrible . anna looks like she 's in the middle of a good dream ! 
i ca n't unsee elsa 's long , bendy arm reaching to pat anna on the head . 	that 's anna 's arm , she appears to be a very eccentric sleeper . also you can kind of see elsa 's hand on anna 's shoulder . 
so you been camping on abandon properties ? good way of getting shot at . or worst arrested for trespassing . 	my guess is that op owns this property and is camping for an extended period while fixing it up . 
you can literally see it in the photo . it 's a little black square that 's glued in that little slot . when you push the door closed it forms a seal . without it , no waterproof seal . 	just checked on mine and i do n't have that rubber piece . 
my s5 never had a rubber piece there . it 's a open plastic hole that a tab on the door clicks into .  do you have a s5 active or something ? i never seen any s5 with rubber where you say 	you can literally see it in the photo . it 's a little black square that 's glued in that little slot . when you push the door closed it forms a seal . without it , no waterproof seal . 
there 's a small rubber piece that holds the cover in place . it fell out . without it , the door wo n't seal . 	odd , i was doing some research and out off all the pictures none have it . i 've put mines in water recently and its still working fine , it does n't have the rubber thing there either . 
i think nothing goes there . the tab stays in place from the black piece that 's on the edge of the cover . that prevents it from opening up . 	there 's a small rubber piece that holds the cover in place . it fell out . without it , the door wo n't seal . 
gee , i wonder if this is a hate crime . 	no goy . a hate crime is only when it 's white on black or anyone on jews . 
wow , that 's some effective camo . it 's hard to focus on that guy . 	came in to say this exact thing . never seen that style before . 
does n't have a coloured bar in overview which is slightly annoying 	yeah , this is fucking stupid . i 'm assuming they are using the 4 . 4 implementation ? 
because instagram is about high quality images . 	on ios it is . android has been snubbed for way too long . 
just checked them out , never new there were alternative instagram apps . do these have the same compression issue that the official instagram app does ? 	i believe you still have to use the official instagram app in order to actually post pictures due to limitations of the api instagram allows devs to use . so basically , yeah . 
started solids this week . looks like sweet potatoes going in , looks like sweet potatoes coming out .  that is all . 	so true . we found the same thing to be true of carrots and green beans . yuck ! 
started solids this week . looks like sweet potatoes going in , looks like sweet potatoes coming out .  that is all . 	and spraying sticky sweet potato poop out of diapers is so fun ! said no one ever . 
as one of the many motorists who already pay for the entire transport budget with some left over , i 'd be pretty unhappy with more tax rises to fund rail . 	it will be better for you if less people use the roads . 
nice post ! 	thanks ! i 've been enjoying his blog for sometime now and realized that i had n't been seeing any of his posts in the subs where i 'm active . 
i will buy them and give you one . 	so you 'll buy them both for a hundred and give me one for free ? 
so you 'll buy them both for a hundred and give me one for free ? 	yep . i live in parsons green if you want to meet up today or tomorrow . just pm if you 're down and i 'll send you my mobile number . 
lancaster , pa . american but my dad is from dublin . gaelic football , to start . would be cool to grow the club 	indy started with a craigslist ad . college campuses are a good place to draw new players as well . 
look 's like the brackets connecting it to the car are broken , so he might have to buy new lights . 	bracket tabs always break then the corner of the bumper and the fender are involved .  are you eating the deer or did he get away ? 
from a bestbuy employee that has the ability to see all the inventory levels for every store in canada , you 're better off not wasting your time , but if it makes you happy then best of luck . 	hey , do you happen to know why my metaknight online order from last night has n't shipped while it seems most others here have ? i got a confirmation email but it has yet to ship . 
does this include condoms ? 	if you are asking msm are still banned from donating even if protection was used , the answer is yes 
wait does this mean that my excuse for not donating blood because i had sex with a man who had sex with a man is no longer valid ? bloody hell , needles freak me out . 	i was going to suggest getting tattoos once a year for the rest of your life , but i guess the needle thing gets in the way there too 
just to clarify . i am a trans girl , pre - op . and my girlfriend is a trans girl , post - op . i 'm pretty sure her gender marker is changed . am i banned ? 	for what it 's worth , i asked about this between 6 and 12 months ago while giving blood at arc and they said trans individuals are treated as the gender assigned at birth . 
wait does this mean that my excuse for not donating blood because i had sex with a man who had sex with a man is no longer valid ? bloody hell , needles freak me out . 	you 'd better get fucking then . it 's either the pork needle or the steel needle ! 
how is tabletop simulator then ?  my friends and i want to get it to start playing dnd rather than attempting skype . 	it 's a pain for dnd , just use roll20 . but for other games like card games and board games , it 's great 
if automation gets to the point that it can perform any task a human can , then it will be a serious problem . those who think this is n't a problem are always clueless capitalist zealots . 	when automation can do every menial task , then humanity will be free .  or enslaved by the robot hordes . but if robots can already do everything is it really slavery ? 
the cost - of - living is going down you say ? my cost - of - living has n't really changed in ten years , if anything it 's going up , and my wages have gone down due to inflation . 	quality of life has improved . we have access to better technology , a wider variety of foods , and cheaper transportation costs then ever before . 
it 's called creative destruction . accept it . 	but what happens when we 're the creation being destroyed ? 
what a bizarre opinion . 	which part ? most of that post is fact . 
i 'll buy doge also is it authentic or clone ? 	it already sold , sorry . i was slow on the edit 
hidden power of latias ? it 's not shiny , right ? 	electric , and no , i do n't even know what i 'd trade a shiny latias with those ivs for haha ! 
30 speed vs 31 speed is the same at 50 , then ? 	if you are thinking about using it for yourself , then super train it , do n't give it any exp . 
how much is a decent darkrai worth then ? i know as a code it 's not worth so much but with useful stats it probably doubles i guess ? 	that , i have absolutely no clue as i only trade for codes . better check in the daily thread ! 
the scene where darryl and beth are in the trunk of a car hiding in a storm from a horde of walkers . 	i 'd love to re watch this , what episode was it in ? 
but lizzie started to enjoy it . that 's the worst part . 	yes of course . it 's totally different than the situation in the pianist , but it still took my mind through that journey . 
in a different context , being lowered into a well with a walker in it would be terrifying as all hell . 	ugh i hated that scene sooooo much . using glenn as bait like that really upset me . 
pfft . that 's crazy talk . 	haha . sarcasm of course . 
where in canada ? cause that 's a perfect description of a girl i know too 	calgary . is your girl in nursing school ? 
sad thing is , it 's an actual person who keeps commenting like that . if it was a bot , it would at least make sense . 	i meant like a human - not deployed by the kings to other subs . a dedicated user with a throwaway account . 
fuck you perry . fuck you and start playing like a franchise player . getzlaf , you 're not as bad , but you 're the captain . pick this shit up . fix it . 	perry has played like a lazy fuck since the all star break . i do n't know what his problem is but this shit is atrocious . 
this team is in fucking trouble .  edit : the team has n't played well since december . 	it 's one game .  let 's not jump the gun here . perry is n't producing . we know . the sky is n't falling . one goal and he 's back on track . 
perry has played like a lazy fuck since the all star break . i do n't know what his problem is but this shit is atrocious . 	i have a feeling he 's nursing an injury . 
it 's one game .  let 's not jump the gun here . perry is n't producing . we know . the sky is n't falling . one goal and he 's back on track . 	it 's closing in on a month . shit has been hitting the fan for a while now . 
i have a feeling he 's nursing an injury . 	i 'm suspecting as much as well . perry is never this lethargic unless he 's hurt . 
pp still weak as fuck , with vats out it 's even worse . cycling is bad , they ca n't get open and all the shots from the point are going wide or bouncing off players .  jagr plz help us . 	credit to the sens defense though , they got into a lot of passing lanes and irritated our cycle game . 
cat . 	dog . 
somebody else below pointed out in fact it is him . that 's what i made the edit for . like i said i 'm really bad with naming voices haha 	i was n't positive it was him , youtube comments said the same though . funny thing was i had to check imdb for his name because i blanked on it and then ctrl f 'ed to find the comments . 
they 'd give way better handjobs . 	on a scale of 1 to 10 , how 'd you rate the hand jobs you 're getting now ? 
how do you do that thing where you link to a specific point in a video ? 	right click the video , click get video url at current time , then copy the highlighted link that appears . 
there are cat 's with thumbs , they 're more prevalent in port cities because they used to be specifically selected to be on ships because they 're better at catching mice . 	the original ad did specify opposable thumbs to be fair . 
have you tried each stick of ram in all the ram slots individually , or just one slot ? could be a ram slot died . need to rule it out . 	yeah , i just now did it . i even tried without any ram . still just shuts off . i even unplugged the video card to see if that would help . does the same thing , though . 
due to it being a hidden pack , there wo n't be many servers yet . give it time or make your own . 	i wish but i have almost no experience with servers , nor the money for that matter . 
nope . that 's 20 users allowed on the server . nobody else can apply now . 	that seems a bit silly to me , but to each their own , send me a message next week some time and i 'll see if i can have something unofficial up which has no such limit . 
most things dealing with the doctor look good , no matter the lighting .  is the other side just the back of the police box , just the blue panels ? 	both sides are identical . 
top 1 percent in lol is diamond 1 people in diamond 1 are n't pros . or even semi pros . 	5k in dota isnt semi pro either . this guy is just a bit delusional . source : 5k myself . 
top 1 percent in lol is diamond 1 people in diamond 1 are n't pros . or even semi pros . 	i see , so you 're saying it 's more difficult to be a pro in league than it is in dota ?   
this sort of thing usually goes away if you connect to itunes , perform a backup , and then restore through itunes . 	sigh . i remember when apple products used to work . this shit is always failing on me these days . 
i just feel like someone who has to state they are real , may not be real 	i did n't state i was real .  are you stating you are god ? 
i personally hope that everyone ends up in a lucid dream like environment . everything would seem real and you could control everything . 	that would be badass . we could live our dreams , no matter how implausible . 
as long as my dogs are there , i 'm good to go . 	where ever my pets go , i go . 
every pet i 've ever owned better be there with me . 	as long as my dogs are there , i 'm good to go . 
music . if there is no music in the afterlife , i do n't wanna go 	i 'm pretty sure it 's mostly harp music . 
dogs and endless pizza . 	my dogs , who i last saw old and sick , who now exist as eternal puppies ! 
my father , my brother , my grandpa and my little cousin . i 'd love to see that they are safe and happy somewhere . 	i do n't want to die yet , but i dream of the day i can once again hug my big brother . i was eight when he died and i miss him like hell . that will be one beautiful reunion . 
my own personal slice of utopia where i decide who and what i want to see and do . 	sounds like the episode of american dad where everyone in heaven gets their own dream private heaven . 
as long as my dogs are there , i 'm good to go . 	i 'm fine with dying tonight if that means i 'll be holding my childhood pets . i love those dudes . 
gaben is good .  question 2 : where will we start a holy war ? 	if gaben is god , then his son must be rngesus . 
0 kj free gourmet food that does n't make you full if you do n't want it to 	that does n't make you gain weight either . 
a chance to try again , but first , time to spend with those i lost . 	one hug from my big brother . one kiss and game of fetch with each dog i 've lost . i 'll be a happy dead person . 
i did n't state i was real .  are you stating you are god ? 	nein , my username suggests i am satan .  your username suggests you are real 
definitely a map of alexandria . who lives where , where they keep supplies , and exit routes . she ai n't no fool . 	i did n't even notice this . carol is seriously on top of things . 
uh no , i do n't like anything to do with blood . 	a blood blister is just a bruise that happens very close to the top layer of skin . its very minor and unlikely to happen unless you pinch the skin . 
is the feeling very frustrating ? the more frustrating for me , the better . 	if you like it , then it 's not frustrating . your fetish makes no sense . 
sharks fans said he is better on the wing than on center . 	ca n't we at least have him take faceoffs on the third line then maybe ? honestly , he 's playing well , so i should n't complain . 
red wings grabbing at our jerseys all game ! i know they 're gorgeous but chill out - our guys will sign them and give them to you after the game . christ . 	if the nhl adopted that tradition from soccer it would be the stickies thing ever . let 's petition to start it . 
i got workaholics , broad city , and sunny on dvr tonight to watch after the game 	just cancelled sunny myself . though i live out of market , it 's nice to watch on tv instead of my tablet . 
how much gum does av go through in one year ? his jaw muscles are probably that of a great white . 	i 'd imagine a lot . part of the dan girardi jawline routine 
take the point . a minute and a half in the worst possible manpower situation . this probably wo n't end great . 	you think 4 on 3 is worse than 5 on 3 ? 
i 'm excited about sheppard too , boyle has had me feeling uneasy lately though . 	he will come around . i hope the yandle trade will light a fire under him as he was supposed to be our pp qb 
does anyone know what our record shots on goal is ? 	i think we set it in the game against the isles . maybe 42 or so . probably wrong though . 
miller saved the goal there , good shit 	you mean after he gave the puck away with the worst pass ever ? 
fuck mike milbury with a shoe . 	we could win the cup and he would still shit all over us . 
at least we are on nbcsn tonight . do n't get msg where i am at and is nice to watch it on the big screen then the stream . 	get the stream and an hdmi cable . problem solved 
shep is n't playing center ? seems wasteful . 	sharks fans said he is better on the wing than on center . 
i played him like twice or so , because actually throwing those bombs is a lot of fun . unfortunately i suck as zilean , so i would kinda throw away a lot lp for playing him . 	b - b - b - ut when you do hit the bombs , you can call yourself kobe ! 
it was funny once . 	back when they had a sense of humor ? 
there should be 3 autosave slots as well as your own save . check in the load game section buddy ! 	ah i thought so , i normally just click continue career . i 'll have a look next time i 'm home 
it is just as much an mmo as half the stuff on the sidebar . 	that 's not a very good argument .  is there a persistent world where hundreds of people can play the game together in any given zone ? 
well there is no infinite juggling , but if you fuck up your recovery then yeah , it can get annoying . 	also there is quick rebound skill which saves you too . 
great post . send this to the kike who wrote the article . 	i second this idea . 
awesome . go make your game . 	if i knew where to start , and had the financial power of ea sports , i would love to . 
they still makes tonnes of money from the game , anyway . 	fut requires more staffing year round . it 's a year long program . all other game modes are cheaper to maintain . 
and i want a million dollars !  so , where are they ? 	in that chinese coin sellers paypal account . 
an open market makes fifa fun for me . 	me , too ! these price ranges are shit . 
awful idea , the amount of game - time required before you could even set up a semi usable team would be ridiculous . 	honestly if you could only have one or two great players per team the game would be a lot more fun . 
ea would make zero money with this idea . they 'd rather abandon fut development than do that . 	they still makes tonnes of money from the game , anyway . 
i thought the analogy was pretty accurate , personally . both are absurdly unrealistic . 	what 's unrealistic about wanting fut to be fair and fun ? 
that 'd be like building a house on quicksand though . you do n't want to build a team around someone so injury prone . 	you 're exactly right , it would make so sense especially as they have better players . 
i 'm sure they also get water from the grass they eat . 	you are correct . it 's also worth noting that birds do n't have sweat glands , so require a lot less water than mammals anyway . 
keyd are considered the mirage masters . watch their matches against fnatic and cloud9 on it if you have n't , great strats 	ahh thanks , that makes a lot of sense then : p but would n't nip just veto it then ? are their strats advanced or can they be applied to a team you play with semi - regularly ? 
good luck titans fans lol i hope he does well but he was really really bad this year before he got hurt . 	did n't he just play 2 games ? kinda small sample size , to say he was really really bad last year , no ? 
i do n't think you have a clue what you are talking about .  edit : seeing as your account is 8 minutes old , i assume i am correct . 	does a post really have more inherent value if it 's not made from a throwaway ? 
and by wanted you mean recreated the scene in your head .   	and by recreated the scene in your head , you mean recreated the scene in your hand . 
wolves lick the insides of mouths to show submission so she lets them do it because she is considered part of the pack . 	applies to dogs too . 
anyone else notice how she opens her mouth when they are licking her face ? 	my type of woman . 
my mom had a pet wolf .  it tore her cats head off . 	to be fair , the cat was an evil assassin , plotting eventual takeover . 
you 'd be pretty awkward too , if you knew that the wrong move would get you brutally murdered . 	you do n't know how i live son . 
my type of woman . 	when she comes over and starts hooking up with your dog ? 
live a little , pussy . 	the goal : living a lot the method : do n't fuck around with wild animals the results : working out well so far 
whoa man , humans are just domesticated monkeys 	i wish we could put them down if they bit somebody . 
there is only one thing to do for the neighbors , get a pet lion and see who wins the fight . 	or a tiger . 
wolves lick the insides of mouths to show submission so she lets them do it because she is considered part of the pack . 	that 's why dog are always trying to french me ? 
maybe if it was angry or starving , but i 'd imagine it 'd run away if you shot it . animals do n't tend to like risking their lives unless it 's necessary . 	well obviously we 're all imagining a caged fight scenario , right guys ? 
i wonder what she did to become their alpha , kill a deer to provide for the pack or something similar ? 	i imagine she had to be around them from the time they were pups for them to give her that sort of respect . 
i consider myself part of my dog 's pack . i think if we added a wolf , we could take a lion . 	i consider myself part of my dog 's pack too . i think if we added a wolf , we 'd still lose to a lion easy . my dog 's stupid and i 'm small . 
i wonder what she did to become their alpha , kill a deer to provide for the pack or something similar ? 	obviously she came in and killed the previous alpha . 
when i commented on this post a few weeks ago , i asked if these were coyotes rather than wolves , i still think these are too small to be wolves . 	where do you live that coyotes are this big ? 
wow , most cars at top speed are almost deafening 	oh , come on . i got my coworker 's prius up to 7 mph . stop advancing the oil agenda , you right - wing shill . 
and by wanted you mean recreated the scene in your head .   	and my axe ! 
not the last part ! 	yeah . maybe she thought it was going to be good and then it was like , wow , that escalated quickly . 
wolves lick the insides of mouths to show submission so she lets them do it because she is considered part of the pack . 	and with a single comment , families are horrified as their sons and daughters , mothers and fathers , start french kissing their dogs 
wolves lick the insides of mouths to show submission so she lets them do it because she is considered part of the pack . 	last time i saw this video , somebody mentioned it was because they were checking if she had any food in her mouth . not sure which is thr truth now 
did you read the food label ? 	sadly its from a foreign store and is imported from russia . 
lol ! my perverse pleasure is peeling as much as possible in one piece . i then look at it in different lights , at different angles . kudos to you for getting the help you needed ! 	i do the exact same thing . getting the biggest most intact piece possible feels so good . i got my almost the entire bottom lip in one piece sometimes . it was heaven . 
reverse image searching does n't get you more pictures of her , just in case anyone is tempted to try that . 	doing god 's work 
no , that 's not true . you do n't need both genders to make a baby . science : it 's some crazy - ass shit . 	you are telling me sperm plus sperm now ? and egg plus egg ? 
yes but not by the relationship of a gay couple . it would have to be with genetic material of the opposite sex . so the single parent argument wins out . 	no , that 's not true . you do n't need both genders to make a baby . science : it 's some crazy - ass shit . 
they do n't even pay taxes ! they are useless to them ! 	taxes do n't buy elections . 
oh man , if you voted for this moron you should be run over by a bus of reality 	only if it is driven by christian , red meat eating , straight , americans ! 
and i frigging hate people telling people how to enjoy things . 	unless it 's people who enjoy the race by filming it on their ipads they can go straight to hell 
i would also like to suggest to him , that the auto lock on missiles are way op , that 's all i hear , a beep beep beep , and dead . 	dunno if you 've noticed yet , but the prevailing dodge method seems to going ultra slow and turning really hard . i 've seen people beat me with the homing several times this way . 
crashing into a building and dying is n't a good option then : p , as i get locked onto right away when i respawn ! i love flight games . : d 	just make sure to weave near objects and you should be ok if you can shake . the homing at the moment is direct target and if anything is in the way the missile wo n't care and will hit it 
dunno if you 've noticed yet , but the prevailing dodge method seems to going ultra slow and turning really hard . i 've seen people beat me with the homing several times this way . 	that 's what i generally do , but a second later i hear it again , as everyone in the server but me seems to be on that plane . 
i think everyone has already covered strategy , but just so you know , tier 3 vs . tier 5 is the biggest power gap in matchmaking . it 's really rough , but luckily tier 3 does n't last long . 	how about the surprise i received in my shiny new iv m5 taking on 10 tier vii per side ? 
hearing k dot from your porch ? boo boo . nah jk that 's awesome . 	all i wanted last year was to hear new slaves and i did , it was fucking awesome . i hope kendrick will play some gkmc and a few tpab , especially king kunta . 
i only know sam smith . does that mean i am out of touch with today 's music ? 	how have you not heard of elton john , black keys , mumford and sons or kendrick . you are just out of touch with music all together 
looks like a gorgeous game . hopefully it ends up on pc . would be a waste not to . 	i ca n't see it happening , given it 's produced and distributed by sony . 
have you ever done duping glitches with the z - type ? that can cause it to act like an expensive car that was on the streets . 	no , i knew i left something out in my post . it was a car that i purchased with money that i earned through mission , not illegitimate methods . 
if you have a job and are just being frugal i guess it would n't be too big a deal .  wow . that 's how low my self esteem is now . i used to dream about dating doctors and scientists . 	why ca n't doctors and scientists live in a van ? ok maybe not a doctor but i bet there are a few van scientists out there . 
i lived in my jeep for a few months and somehow got okc dates and a work promotion . the only thing holding you back from what you want is yourself . 	serious question : how do you shower when you live in a van ? 
i 've been told that , though i 'm usually referred to as cute . 	cute , hot , whatever adjective you wanna use ; most guys your age should n't care and if they do they are snobs anyway so fuck them . 
you 're envious . jealousy would be if it were your sloth and then the sloth chose your dad over you . you can only feel envy of things you never had , and jealous for the things you lost . 	did someone mention sloths ?   here 's a random fact !  three - toed sloths have short stubby tails while two - toed sloths do n't ! 
i remember reading on here that sloths have some not so nice things done to them to make them people friendly . is this true ? 	did someone mention sloths ?   here 's a random fact !  sloths typically remain with their mother until they are about four years old ! 
by the look of the face on the sloth , he is n't your dad anymore . 	did someone mention sloths ?   here 's a random fact !  sloths only have one baby at a time . 
yeah . he quit the 9 to 5 job quite some time ago . 	he was super excited about it too . i would be , if i got to play video games and music full time and still pay all my bills . 
he 's probably extremely busy right now because they said attitude city would come out in march and it 's still not out so they 're scrambling to get it out as soon as they can . 	i think they said march or april , to be fair 
what an incredibly hard life to play video games all day with your friends and be in a band with his friends . 	turn a hobby into a job and you 'd be surprised how taxing it can be . 
they ever give you a chance to re roll or do you keep getting points even after you lvl cap ? 	if you go to your capital and pray at a shrine you can respect either : all skills and morphs , just morphs , and character allocation points . it costs a small fee that gradually increases . 
thanks for the info . i think i will like crafting as well as the trading once i get a hang of it . 	make sure to start researching early on as it can take quite a bit of time to get all the traits learned . 
if you do n't want to get angry do n't go to cyrodiil 	will i know when i am near cyrodiil ? will my anger rise and fall as i am closer or farther away ? 
also , how will blending in an american city help anywhere in the world except maybe canada ? 	do n't let the cat out of the bag , eh ? 
i think that 's a little too much . he was extremely rude , but he should n't die over it 	people this evil , fucked up and disgusting do n't deserve to live , let alone be cops . 
given the context , your gender does not identify as a dude . 	because i do n't have a blind hatred of all cops i must be a female ? 
yeah , it 'll go against the anti cop circle jerk we got going in here . 	i do n't give a fuck . fuck all the police that abuse their power . 
this 'll go viral and be in the news etc within 48 hours . 	you nailed it on the head . as we speak , i 'm watching it on my local news station . i 'm in south florida . 
no i understand the metaphor , and i understand what he 's implying , reread my comment . 	i did n't make the phase . you do n't have to listen to me but if you do n't in this particular case you sink your own boat . 
from my understanding , it was the cop who did n't have his blinker on when he was parking . the driver probably honked and told him to use his blinker . 	yup , that 's what i got out of the description too . you ca n't point out a cop for driving like shit but they can give you a ticket for it lmao , what a joke . 
get off my lawn jesus i ca n't even buy liquor yet who am i kidding 	i sell liquor for a living . get off my lawn . 
trust me , even if this was n't an april fools day prank , i would never touch that game again . 	i 'm probably in the minute minority of people who will actually admit that i enjoyed playing ghosts , are n't i ? 
100 ish users , about 120 machines , 3 sites 	might want to consider a dc at each site depending on the speed of your inter - site links . 
where did you buy these ? i freaking love grapes . i would die to bite into one of those . 	be careful when seeing huge grapes without reading the packaging . these more than likely have a big seed . do n't hurt your teeth ! 
how do they taste ? 	not that good actually , quite bland . 
deal with it . find a way to collect cars yourself . 	makes total sense . let a group of 5 players prevent 95 other players from accessing a pretty key function of the game .  you 'd be a great game designer . 
i 've noticed that you can still jump a corner , scope while midair , and then shoot right when you land and the shot is accurate . maybe it 's a viable option sometimes ? dunno 	jumping a corner and then scoping would leave you too exposed in most cases . plus if it was a decently skilled awper he would just kill you when you fly around the corner to jump . 
did n't play for 2 weeks , today played one mm game . guy on our team did 4k clutch without armor using awp . it 's bit worse , but still op 	i got an ace in pistol round with no armor once . i guess the glock is op now . 
jumping a corner and then scoping would leave you too exposed in most cases . plus if it was a decently skilled awper he would just kill you when you fly around the corner to jump . 	jump and land just after the corner ? 
lol i 'll forget this rule in 2 days and get banned 	i forgot this rule on multiple occasions today already . inb4 shadowban 
css magic . this is my alt acct in a cunning disguise . 	ah . well , if you want your old style back , you 'll definitely get it . if i did , i 'm pretty sure anyone can get away with just about anything . 
you shake your head violently left and right when shooting a gun ? 	it kind of shakes your body a bit , does it not ? especially when shooting a gun like an ak or m4 . 
i know i might get some downvotes for this , but am i the only one that likes the punch ? imo it makes the game feel a lot more realistic . 	you shake your head violently left and right when shooting a gun ? 
i do n't understand why it has to be a cheat to edit this value to begin with 	i agree . this is one of the variables that should be opened up as a client side option . 
yes they have . in tf2 there are hats that make it so normal players make a jingle noise that spies ca n't make . 	still balanced . super easy to hear so the enemy always knows if you 're sneaking up behind them . 
i played skyrim without using the quick selection option . shit was slow as fuck . 	quick select ? you mean fast travel ? 
man , fuck the habs . i hope they have a quick exit from the playoffs . i hate that fucking team . 	lets ban them from florida . 
recolors legitimately take seconds to make . there is no reason for riot to charge that much money for that shit . 	no they do n't take seconds to make . sure not as much time as a regular skin but it still takes time . they are charging 5 bucks for 3 recolors . that is rather cheap . 
olaf have n't got a skin for 3 years . i 'll be all over this shit . fuck you guys and your complaining . 	yeah . i want to play yellow zac , i 'm tired of purple zac 
yes and no . considering you get 3 recolors for the 590 price . instead of one for 390 . 	recolors legitimately take seconds to make . there is no reason for riot to charge that much money for that shit . 
because as physics show us , when there is nothing anything can emerge , even a universe . 	the fact it happened , means there 's an explanation . 
try cleaning out your usb port . my phone acted all kinds of strange , and started car mode randomly because dust in the port triggered the detection of the car adapter .   	thank you , this was what my problem was , cleaned out the port and now its all good . too bad i reset the phone and have to redo all my settings , whatever im just glad its fixed now . 
i 'm surprised chinese is not bigger in eu considering that is spoken by 1 in 7 people in the world . 	its not that impressive when 1 in 7 people in the world live in china . 
the empire . 	nobody gives half a toss about the british empire . ai n't relevant on the continent . 
that 's because i do n't care about the language we choose , as long as it 's made to fairly serve european integration 	business efficacy and easy interaction will serve integration better . 
true , but german only became high german 800 years ago , our language still came from them originally . 	and back then lower german and dutch were much more alike before the sound shift . 
if the one common language is based simply off phonetic - ness , then spanish is probably even better than italian . 	not as long as j is throat clearer and c forces you to bite off your tongue . 
i agree with both points , was just curious as to why you would want to join an institutions that you want britain to leave . it seems contradictory , but perhaps that is just me . 	its not an institution that the uk is currently part of . so the uk wo n't be leaving it . 
so that is the subreddit for grammer nazis . 	the subreddit where grammar nazis meet their russian winter . 
sweden is connected to the mainland and had loads of left hand drive vehicles coming in , we do n't . the market for right hand drive is huge and shows no sign of disappearing . 	just saying that it 's entirely - possible for countries to change without problems , and i 'd assume that as integration with the mainland continues , pressure will continue to increase . 
left side of the road is apparently safer . something to do with the right eye being dominant and better at judging distance , speed , etc . 	as long as you do n't drive with one eye closed i do n't see how the dominant eye matters . 
there was a study here not long ago that showed that esperanto was easier and cheaper to learn than english , because it was created to be simple . 	that may be the case if they were on an equal starting ground , but millions of people already know and use english on daily basis . 
i spent 5 years working in a mail room in the us .  dhl was far worse than ups or fedex . we switched to ups after dhl closed up their american business and it was world 's better . 	strange . in the uk those are pretty much the best ones .  granted , the average is dragged down severely by dodgy , cheapo companies like hermes . 
i 'm totally cool with that . it 's why i make what i make . if everyone was capable it would n't mean shit . 	what do you do , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
can you explain how movie theaters can project a high resolution image at such a large size ? the camera is usually only like 4k , so how do they make the picture so good ? 	man , y 'all are lucky . at my local grand the screen looks like 720p or lower . not sharp at all 
unfortunately a lot of vinyl today is pressed with the same master as the cd . 	luckily i 've only ran into that with a few records , i 've learned to look it up before buying now . 
i used to have one , but i got rid of it because i have a bad back and it started to take it 's toll from all the lan parties . i miss that thing . 	why not keep it for home , and get a light screen for lans ? 
why not keep it for home , and get a light screen for lans ? 	at the time , i was still in high school and under the domain of my parents , who said i could have one or the other . 
i find that a really weird fit up top . but the fades are super rad man . i dig . 	i usually wear them lower on the hips . 
we have these in michigan . 	yep , not very common in metro detroit , but you get down to monroe or out to jackson and very common . 
that sounds awesome , i ca n't find a live recording of rome plows anywhere , and it seems like a monster song to hear live . 	stay tuned , i recorded the san diego show as well as the show in la last night . i 'll be posting them soon . 
congrats on making keen 's asteroid renderer look even more broken lol .    seriously what is this , a dark matter asteroid ? 	i believe some call it physics . 
have n't watched that movie . should i ? 	absolutely ! it 's one of the all - time greats of cinema ! 
i was wondering because i know in the early summer , a lot of people stay in the loop to watch the fireflies , leaving well after dark . 	i know they hold special events but normally they lock the gates to cars . you are welcome on foot or bicycle . 
if you are n't opposed to driving a little bit i highly suggest max patch in north carolina 	my family runs a lodge right down the road from max patch . beautiful place ! 
i got to play against a mexican clan the other day . this was me only on the other end of it . 	that sounds like a lot of fun . i also exercise the privilege of playing against people from other countries in horribly laggy lobbies . 
that map is a fucking mess . on a map that small with exo movement spawns are just completely fucked . 	exo suits in general are the reason i 've stopped playing this cod . they were a fun novelty at first but i ca n't wait until the next cod without them . 
that map is a fucking mess . on a map that small with exo movement spawns are just completely fucked . 	most spawns in the bigger maps are already fucked because of exos . i wonder what made them think that a tiny as fuck map was a good idea 
i think he is speaking anguish similar to english , but with a little more pain . difficult to interpret sometimes . 	ah , yes i remember learning a little bit of this language in middle school . 
the weed as a girl extended metaphor is mad overdone in rap but this is one of the better executions imo . 	yeah it 's definitely been done before but i love this track . i just started listening to this album yesterday and i instantly fell in love . it 's really incredible , so i had to post . 
my dog is n't trained in any way , but he can sense i 'm gonna have a seizure even before i can . he stays with me all day , and after it happens he 's still right by my side . i love my dog . 	wow , that 's great ! i 'm playing with the idea of getting a puppy and that 's good to hear . i mean , i know a lot depends on your personality and the dog 's , but still ! 
my dog is n't trained in any way , but he can sense i 'm gonna have a seizure even before i can . he stays with me all day , and after it happens he 's still right by my side . i love my dog . 	mine 's the same way . no training , but according to my husband he wo n't leave my side while i 'm out , and while i 'm coming out of it he wo n't stop licking my face . 
i would get pain in my stomach from multi - vitamins or iron supplements . i found that taking them with a meal makes a huge difference . 	hey , could you message me that movie i was supposed to review ? 
the koran states that you must take it literally and that there is no room for interpretation . 	too bad it 's full of inconsistencies and a literal interpretation can mean many different things . 
do you just wait 6 months between each post ? 	did you downvote me ? you ca n't even read my post ! 
liam hates warren , everyone else just loves liam actually showing his hatred . 	nope , i hate warren too . 
thanks , maybe eventually . but i hope everything works out with you , or if does end , hopefully it 's for the better 	i hope it does work out . : c thanks 
i hear that mkx is broken ? is this true ? 	you mean in broken as in imbalanced characters ? or the game itself is broken technically ? 
ooh , what kind of pc games ? i 'm pretty into rpgs . 	anything tbh . im pretty open - minded 
it does , and it will for awhile . but you 'll find someone new , eventually , but it 'll happen 	not too sure . im pretty closed off as it is . im okay with being alone and stuff , i just wanna live a happy life . and if i have someone there with me to share it with , then thats okay too . 
they are ! i wanna make and sell stuff . 	you should ! seems like a great hobby .  what pc games do you play ? 
yeah us sizes . and from in my experience they 're sized exactly the same as regular chucks . so i 'd say go for your usual size . 	thanks man , already pulled the trigger . 
what 's that jacket ? 	i too would like to know the blazer in the pic . 
good to know . ae has to be using some pretty thin cuts of leather for those right ? man , i just need to see these in person . 	mine did not have that issue . the leather is nice and thick . if you have a chance to see them in person i would . i picked mine up at the michigan ave store when visiting chi . 
i see the bag poking out , too ! happy cake day ! 	thanks man ! 
i tried to find em on amazon instead of googling them . d 'oh . thanks again ! 	yep that 'll do it . you will probably have to find them on ebay or some other secondary market . good luck ! 
i wish dude but i would be swimming in those . good looking out , tho ! 	no worries man good luck , they 're amazing shoes ! 
god , i need some jordans . i 'm trying to cop the chicago 1s next month . the wait is killing me . 	chicago 1 release is gonna be fun to watch , feel like it will be pretty hard to come by but who knows . 
i really understand where your coming from ! i went and bought these and did n't really think about what to wear it with . they seem to go good with black and blue jeans but mainly white tees 	i can upload a picture of the fit i was wearing with those red shoes . maybe it will give you some ideas ?   
holy shit they did n't have my size last week and now they do . you rule . these are us sizes right ? are these sized any different than normal chucks ? 	yeah us sizes . and from in my experience they 're sized exactly the same as regular chucks . so i 'd say go for your usual size . 
they 're great pants , too . 	thanks , yeah they 're super comfortable and the detailing is impeccable . perfect pants for when you wanna wear sweats but are looking for something a little nicer . 
they look to be too small . do you have short , high volume foot ? 	it may be the angle that i took the picture at , i was leaning forward a bit . they 're a little snug at the balls of my feet and have a little heel slip when i walk . 
the brain fart he made was that his match was on camera . better chance than not that he does this kind of thing fairly often . 	thats a big assumption . there is a better chance to start a witch hunt when assumptions are made , which you probably do fairly often . 
you pick it up and put it with the rest of your hand . you do n't slide it across the table while doing something else with your other hand . 	ok . take care . 
counsel , if you continue to mock the jury with your ridiculous courtroom analogies , i will have no choice but to hold you in contempt . 	seriously , some person complaining about folks arguing on the internet . 
sure , but putting it back down face down then adding it subtly to his hand would not . 	is putting a card that you think belongs in your hand down with the rest of your hand not a normal thing to do ? 
can i ask what level of professional magic you play at ? 	sure , i am not a pro magic player .  i am 40 and have been a professional in other areas for just less than 20 years . that includes plenty of high stress and life or death situations . 
considering that i almost word for word used his same stance , i thought it was pretty obvious and satirical . 	hey , intent is n't the easiest thing to garner from reading text . 
jury x : you know , that guy kept like , making arguments and stuff . i totally did n't like it . 	counsel , if you continue to mock the jury with your ridiculous courtroom analogies , i will have no choice but to hold you in contempt . 
hey , intent is n't the easiest thing to garner from reading text . 	it is not . to get back on subject , its not the easiest thing to garner from text or a video , but a lot of folks on here will swear in their mother that felipe 's intent was to cheat . 
thank you . i love how incredibly happy he looks in this picture . 	yeah it 's worth a thousand words , that 's for sure . congrats to you two . 
i would n't call it domination , but the pens had the upper hand in the 3rd . rangers could n't get that third goal to put the game out of reach . 	that 's also playoff hockey . less risk , less reward when you 're up . 
which customs make mega man better ? i 'm curious 	tornado hold is free combos into aerials if you drop it on the opponent 's head . 
which customs make mega man better ? i 'm curious 	from what i 've seen on smashboards discussion , danger wrap is the biggest one to pay attention to . however , it seems that any of his custom moves are at least viable . 
my mother is a teacher at an elementary school . i 'm showing this to her now . 	all the books have gummy bears taped on , a snack for when you read 
is this game as bad as it seems ? 	yes , but it 's also really fun ? it 's a weird game to define . i disliked more than i liked about it , but i also had a really good time and would totally play it again . 
opinions on this rpg differ by person , is it worth it for this price ? 	worth it to me . i never beat it but i w was enjoying it on my ps4 . fun combat and challenging . story is n't half bad . voice acting is pretty bad . the sound track is amazingly good . 
opinions on this rpg differ by person , is it worth it for this price ? 	i pre - ordered and was pretty happy with my investment , so go for it .  i hated mars : war logs , and this was a pleasant surprise in comparison . 
the better decks can only be built using cards that come in booster packs , it 's those decks he 's referring to . 	ah i see . i 'm probably better off looking on ebay for pre - built decks than trying to build my own lol . 
i 'm working on my wand now , a magnolia tree donated a small branch to me so i 'm working on sanding it down right now . i 'll post some pictures when it 's done . 	that 's really awesome . i ca n't wait to see the wand ! 
no , none of those luxuries . just a good old hole in the ground and water bottles 	dry camping ! nice . you are a wild woman . i love it ! keep us updated . 
super awesome ! have fun !  do you have access to water and electricity ? 	no , none of those luxuries . just a good old hole in the ground and water bottles 
obviously a lot of people , since the birthday candle and birthday cake industries are alive and well . 	well i sure do n't . birthdays are a waste of time to me . the only birthdays i ever enjoyed were my children 's birthdays when they were smaller and still had a sense of wonder . 
chapman has had it coming for years . when you repeatedly mouth off and act like a cunt , most people accept that sometimes these people cop one back . 	a bit of on - field banter does n't justify punching someone in the face . 
just read your comment out loud and it sounded insane . 	oh yah sorry still half a sleep when typing that comment . 
yes , jews are from outer space . totally proven by facts . 	april 's fake science monthly was really enlightening . 
i am guessing you are asian ?  i actually really liked arkansas the few times i 've driven through it . it 's quite beautiful driving to texas from missouri . then again , i did n't stop much . 	that 's the funny part . i had one of the best meals of my life in that state . i think that highway might be cursed .  and yes , asian . err there , it 's probably oriental . 
could you count the number of teeth this gentlemen had on one hand ? 	to be honest , did n't look that closely . too amazed that he manage to squeeze double the syllables into every word . 
that 's the funny part . i had one of the best meals of my life in that state . i think that highway might be cursed .  and yes , asian . err there , it 's probably oriental . 	my dad actually thinks that 's the politically correct term . or at least , he seems to think there are people under the age of 90 who use it . 
please post just the image , not a whole website . that site has an ad that trying to redirect to app store . 	that is just an image , idk about mobile though but that is a direct link to a jpg . 
i work with the kid 's mom . she was contacted by just about every news channel in houston wanting to interview her son today . 	his national anthem was actually pretty good . too bad that 's not why they want to talk to him . 
alternate ending : jj puts on scrubs , grabs the instruments and performs the quickest triple bypass in medical history . the patient fully recovers within 15 min . 	he strips the heart from the surgeon , runs into the next operating theater and spikes it into a waiting transplant patient 's chest cavity for a td . 
how exactly did you put your information on a site that does not say oldschool . runescape . com ? genuinely curious 	a lot of the fake sites are practically identical to the actual site . 
i like the lows better , glad i finally have enough money for em . i do n't know if i wanna skip and save up for the sweaters later this year - your guys opinion 's ? 	man i do n't know . i get the reason for the color way on the sweater 7 , but i am just not feeling it . i may feel different about them when they are released  
try touching the side button , it could be in theater mode or something .  then try holding the side button to turn the watch off , and then turn back on again . 	when i wake the watch using the side button it vibrates and turns the screen off . this does n't always happen , but its frequent enough to cause concern . 
rice noodles are gluten free ? 	these noodles are made of brown rice and water . 
on the topic of things we can actually see , i 'm not digging that white suit . 	costumes are guaranteed to change between movies and i 'm sure leto will play the joker again . give it time , you 'll get your purple . 
so you went to the extent of faking outrage so you could pull the same joke ? god , this meme gets stupider every ti 	you did n't even say candlejack , why did you get tak 
the only issue with south campus related to safety is that its location has higher crime rates . but i still feel safe there . 	cool , thank you for letting me know . 
hahah damn hipsters and their unicorn diseases . 	hey now , unicorn disease would be way more cool than gluten - sensitivity . apples and oranges 
thank you ! is this true for all the classes or does it alter a bit depending on specific spell potential and hero power ? 	it 's generally true but some classes are much better than others due to hero powers and the availability of strong common cards . 
why does it have to be for other people to read ? i hate people who think tattoos are the public 's property instead of an expression of oneself . 	you 're goddamn right . my next tattoo is oriented for me , you know why ? because that 's the person that it 's meant for and that it needs to mean the most to . 
why does it have to be for other people to read ? i hate people who think tattoos are the public 's property instead of an expression of oneself . 	it 's just that traditionally , tattoos are orientated that they are right side up when the arm is resting at the side of the body . 
or he can just raise his hand up . 	or people can just fucking read it upside down . its literally like 10 words . 
this is awesome ! and how good was that shark biting shark video ? watching it in slow motion , you can see the bite marks from the first shark . amazing creatures . 	it made me wince . it had to hurt . i lesser animal would have been killed by it . 
do a google search . they have been done before . 	there have been people that worked for the company , but none of the performers . 
thanks but i 've got a baby so i 'm not mobile . 	no problem man ! if you 're ever in the area hit me up , would love to buy you a beer talk some mma . big fan of your work . 
whatever dude . i 've been working for the past 20 hours . let me have some dumb fun 	i ca n't stop you man . 
if you wanted to troll you should 've changed from your colts flair .  edit : there you go . happy trolling buddy . 	whatever dude . i 've been working for the past 20 hours . let me have some dumb fun 
money is n't everything tho fam 	three . million . dollars . that 's not money . that 's money . 
looks like another jamie collins type of guy . he 's a linebacker built like a ss 	that 's how bb always picks defenders . he wants guys who play 3 different positions . idk why he 's in love with versatility it 's like the main thing he looks for . 
good thing is as a red pill man you probably wont have to do it again . unlike some beta pussies who will get married and divorced like 2 , 3 , 4 or more times . 	and they still do n't question marriage even after all that . truly no hope for someone who goes through multiple divorces and still thinks it 's wise to marry again . 
and they still do n't question marriage even after all that . truly no hope for someone who goes through multiple divorces and still thinks it 's wise to marry again . 	fool me once , shame on you . fool me twice , shame on me . 
happy wife happy life is the biggest bullshit lie .    happy husband makes a happy wife . 	women are never happy no matter what . they 'll create a problem where there is none just to have some of that emotional chaos syndrome . 
happy wife happy life is the biggest bullshit lie .    happy husband makes a happy wife . 	better to just avoid the entire clusterfuck . this bizarre construct they currently call marriage has almost nothing to do with it 's historic namesake . 
i got 2 rosalina on release day while everyone else was in church . wish all release days were sunday 	what church has mass at 8am ? 
i want this track more than any other track in existence . praying its on gemini . 	no , no , no . you do n't understand . i have been asking about this track for nine months now . it will be song of the year . i will die if it is not on gemini . 
it 's been a week or so since i beat the black gulch but i do n't recall being staggered ? is this an issue of poise maybe ? 	ranged attacks stagger if they headshot you .  the poison they fire is dealt with the same . and they seem to fire at head level .   
you do know the gta series are mainly third person , right ? they only introduced first person in gtav when ps4 and xbone versions came out .  so in short , fps is entirely optional . 	i mean first person shooters in general . i do n't see the point . 
ca n't go a day without seeing a gtav gif , it 's like seeing retro games come back . so last year . 	gtav gifs are awesome !  i get a good laugh at my desk every time and i do n't even play the game anymore ! 
something simpler than a 17 color system could be adding double - ender chests to the game . 	that just would n't work . if i filled a double ender chest with items , and tried to open a separate individual ender chest , what would show up in it ? 
that just would n't work . if i filled a double ender chest with items , and tried to open a separate individual ender chest , what would show up in it ? 	maybe double chests can count as a separate inventory , so opening the double chest would only link to other double chests and opening the individual chest would only link to individual chests ? 
maybe double chests can count as a separate inventory , so opening the double chest would only link to other double chests and opening the individual chest would only link to individual chests ? 	nice idea , i just think it 'd be a bit confusing though if that was in the game . 
you are n't supposed to be rough with your tongue using anything . dental equipment or otherwise . 	why not the tongue ? i brush my teeth gently but go furious on my tongue . 
relevant and educational ! 	all fun and games until we find out that the driver 's a sexual predator 
so could anyone in the draft , anyone could bust too . i know this kid had a lot of potential , but i find it amazing how everyone has crowned him already . 	he is being crowned as a first round pick , that the cowboys got for free .  sure he could still bust . he could still murder more pregnant chicks . who knows . 
im a bit upset about it , dude could be a star 	so could anyone in the draft , anyone could bust too . i know this kid had a lot of potential , but i find it amazing how everyone has crowned him already . 
he is being crowned as a first round pick , that the cowboys got for free .  sure he could still bust . he could still murder more pregnant chicks . who knows . 	fuck off dude . 
you could . but it will have significantly slower read and write speeds since it uses usb rather than sata connections 	i thought the drive uses a sata connection and that the casing has a usb converter . 
he 's obsessed with rekkles re - joining . before msi he was hoping fnatic would get stomped just to prove steeelback was bad . 	holy fuck what the fuck is up with this kid looking at his post history he has a boner for this guy , get a grip op . 
he 's obsessed with rekkles re - joining . before msi he was hoping fnatic would get stomped just to prove steeelback was bad . 	i did n't wanted fnatic to be stomped moron , stop saying false things . i 'm a fan of fnatic , why i would want to be stomped ? redditors such idiots 
he 's obsessed with rekkles re - joining . before msi he was hoping fnatic would get stomped just to prove steeelback was bad . 	i did n't wanted fnatic to be stomped moron , stop saying false things . i 'm a fan of fnatic , why i would want to be stomped ? redditors such idiots 
there are many runs where i 'm very light on dps until i get a feel for how strong the tank is . i prefer to correct down from high attention than up from low . 	which is the proper way to do it . check how often the tank needs healing , then decide if it 's safe to dps during healing downtime . 
explain to me where i 'm losing all this mana and tp . because i never seem to have any issues with that . 	i have no interest in trying to explain basic mechanics to a brick wall . fail at your own leisure my friend . 
which is not the discussion we 're having here . i addressed it so that you would n't try to bring sub - optimal play by dps up as an example against optimal play for tanks . 	the original post is obviously made by a newer player , his experiences will reflect what i have stated . perhaps we got some wires crossed here . 
well , i 'm speaking from a tanks perspective . explaining the reasons for the marking to the tank can help him in the future 	man the reading comprehension of some people is ridiculous . i know exactly what you are saying man do n't worry . 
a not up to date weapon probably . 	yep . only becomes an issue when the dps over gear the tank . 
so i 'd be able to play over hdmi but streaming over wifi would be too rough ? 	no reason why streaming over wifi would n't work or even be slow 
we had something similar where we were able to buy marks with materials , it was broken and i hope nothing like it comes back again . 	how was it broken ? it was a good way for people who do n't play crucible to get crucible marks . it should come back . 
birds have agriculture ? wow . that blows my mind . 	i 'm pretty sure ants do . 
great , thank you ! 	i 'm not sure there is surf in rocky point . 
i 'm not sure there is surf in rocky point . 	not right in down , you have to head down the beaches . 
ahh small world ! know any place in the area that does good work for gears ? i 'm looking to get new gears in my wk soon to compensate for my tires . 	chaos fab shop , there are some new places as well , get on our facebook and ask many will chime in . 
that 's lame . why could n't they emphasize the electric sound ? 	takes time , they already have lots of pre - recorded ice sounds . 
wait it 's not ? for the half a second between reading his comment and yours was the best time in my life . i wish it were real 	there 's only one way to find out . 
sounds good we 'll talk then . 	just to be clear , would you be looking at two or three tickets ? i have another person asking and i do n't want to be unfair . : d  
looking to buy 1 or 2 saturday tickets . i have 2 spare friday tickets , willing to trade both for 1 saturday ticket .   	 i can do a sat for i fri pm me and let 's make a deal 
i feel like the people in a the neighborhood have weekly meetings trying to find ways to get keef to leave , but he literally does n't give a fuck about anything so it will never work 	lol you 're right , i bet everyones trying to sell their house at this point 
you sound like the type of the guy who still desperately needs to have his face bashed in . you likely have an excuse for everything . 	shut the fuck up talking to me like that . take that wishing violence on people bullshit somewhere else . 
he did n't even have the balls to hit him , much less kill him 	no , he knew that if he started hitting he would kill him . thats how grudges work when one was bullied , you keep homicidal thoughts to that person for great remainder of your life . 
he did n't even have the balls to hit him , much less kill him 	it 's not about having the balls to hurt your bully , it 's having the common sense to not assault someone at a party . 
no dude , you deserve physical violence for saying mean words , do n't you see ?  an adult beating a child is the appropriate response to the child saying words . 	my dad punching me in the face seems like a good counter - measure to me insulting another kid 's hair at school . 
did the tru you went to happen to have the summer 2015 bionicle sets as well ? if so , i 'm incredibly happy that i 'm finally getting paid today 	the summer wave of bionicle wo n't be out until august 1st . 
is the jet supposed to be the f - 35 ? 	imo , it more closely resembles the f - 22 , but it 's definitely generation 5 . 
bible also says we should n't kill people . 	or hate people . 
bible also says we should n't kill people . 	except for those times god said to commit genocide .  is it still genocide if god demands it ? 
who offered 1000 keys for the bat ? last i looked into it they were selling for 60 - 80 keys , though admittedly that was a couple of years ago . 	normal items have n't been the market since they first glitches into existence by what i assume was a valve employee blunder . 
that 's a pretty good point , thanks 	also , 6 cores also seems a bit much . once again , do n't take my word . i barely know jack shit about this . if it were me , i 'd get her an amd a4 - 6300 . like 30 dollars . 
the funniest joke is anyone who hands over a dime for this . 	yep , thats the reason this post is made . i have money but i would n't donate to some random guy , if the person was known in the community , i would n't mind . 
are you already selling tracks for more than 300 ?  if not , then sell . if you are then ask for more money .  you can make more tracks , that is the job of a producer .  what are you afraid of ? 	that it 's some sort of scam , i 'm just weary as i 've never been contacted like this before and would rather be safe than sorry . 
it 's for your hair . just a moisturizer . there is also coconut oil and many other things . 	exactly . food - grade mayo is a typical hair moisturizer . no wtf here . 
then the state should n't have run the budget like their personal piggy bank . 	why should those that benefit from the budget have to pay for those legislators mistakes with their homes especially when we it 'll end up costing us more ? 
i figured i could n't do it with my job . i work a 5 - 5 job with heavy lifting 	you can do it , just have to try . do n't assume without trying . make a plan to get started , food , electrolytes and start . 
i will give it a try for sure , i 'm just not really into spongebob 's games . 	this is n't a typical spongebob game though . it 's actually praised as a really good platformer . have fun with it ! 
when do you get off work ? i bet when you 'll be able to go home , stop working , and not be around people you can deal with the symptoms and concentrate on how to lessen them a lot better . 	i am going to try to leave by lunchtime , but today home is not going to be less stressful . i am tempted to just leave and find a place to walk for awhile . 
i wonder why you 're liar and a phony . 	do you really look through my comment history and reply to every comment i make on any subreddit ?  you are one pathetic person . 
do you really look through my comment history and reply to every comment i make on any subreddit ?  you are one pathetic person . 	yes , until you admit you 're a liar and a phony 
women were n't capable of the same things as men . 	to be fair , i know something i can do that no woman can ! and its not even sexist ! 
throw 103 . 7 louie in there as well . 	103 . 7 plays some great music but their signal is crap out here in st . charles . 
fuck you , if we set up to defend last year we would have been ripped to shreds like today 	you 're exaggerating speculation in saying that . and , to be fair , a manager as good as rodgers was made out to be ought to be capable of getting a team to sit deep and play for a draw . 
was n't he only able to kill the dothraki because of his armor ? 	he beat the dothraki because he is n't stupid , and knew the armor would give him the upper hand in the environment he was in . 
was n't he only able to kill the dothraki because of his armor ? 	he beat the dothraki because he is n't stupid , and jew the armor would give him the upper hand . 
not for long greyscale is a bitch edit : and that 's show only , in the books barristan is still alive and well kicking ass . 	aha , yeah book barristan is a beast and jorah does n't have greyscale in the books either : d 
coaching for free is against rules ? 	i 'm actually not sure , but if you do go on with this , be careful to not get caught by riot either way . 
thats unfortunate , realy enjoyed the long grind of as 1 . lets hope xd . thanks for the reply  	just do 10x as much as each quest requires , voila , long grind . 
pack only just got out of alpha a couple days ago , although i think she said that the quests are pretty well done 	thats unfortunate , realy enjoyed the long grind of as 1 . lets hope xd . thanks for the reply  
it wo n't lose anything ? i always have ginger go bad in my fridge , and it 's too good to just settle for ground ginger instead . 	just keep it in your freezer instead of in your fridge . it will stay fresh much longer and you just grate or slice off the amount you need . 
given how dysfunctional the city of oakland is , i do n't blame them . 	a city with a huge hole in tax revenue is hard to manage . 
you 're telling me that democracy is fair and punishes all those who disagree with me ? man , i 've been using it wrong this whole time . 	rule of the people , not the elite . 
am norwegian , can confirm : we travel between bergen and oslo a lot .  a lot . like it 's the most used form of transport between the cities . 	i take it norway does n't have a lot of public transport ? 
maybe i do n't fully understand the title , but i take it this is only internal flights ? 	nope . it 's just that the top 10 flights with most passengers happen to be domestic . 
i take it norway does n't have a lot of public transport ? 	the train between oslo and bergen is over 6 hours , but it 's only about 300 miles . it 's an extremely scenic route but if you need to be there quickly it 's not a good option . 
oh , i did n't know ! how do you like the 2014 ? i 've been doing a lot of research into ordering one myself .   	every bit as amazing as it sounds . truly an amazing car . zero regrets whatsoever from buying one . 
i have no idea ! i just traced my phone onto the back and cut it out . i could n't change the iphone battery if i wanted to . 	oh i was under the impression you transferred some of the internals . all good . looks great ! 
not really . unless you find someone that collects phones , probably not . 	darn i guess i 'll just use the back as a drip pan for when my girlfriend and i do anal 
thats not really an answer . what of people who have never heard of christianity ? 	god is just and will judge them according to their hearts . there really are n't that many people in the world today that have n't heard about jesus . 
from the day they were born ? you are basically saying you were born a christian before you knew what words were . 	more along the lines of very close with , and aware of , god . 
i 've been around since tech alpha and i flaunt my silver 1800 mmr with pride . 	my bronze mmr was forged in alpha with great effort . it takes a lot of work to not vault and keep valla out of good position that many times . 
still would n't work , gotta have that master skin . 	to be fair the master skin is kind of weak tbh , it 's one of those skins that you 'd be better off buying a hero over it unless you were only going to play abathur . 
i think it 'd be nice especially if you are playing abathur and have his master portrait , just to raise team morale . 	still would n't work , gotta have that master skin . 
oh , it 's to lock it down , huh . i did have it cracked open . i hope now it stays all the way down . 	mine has no issues staying down without the lock though ! it requires my thumb to prop it open . it does n't just slide with ease or anything 
this is nothing to be ashamed of ! you wo n't be able to ink like you 're 14 forever . 	he 's a squid , but definitely not a kid 
thats wrong . the opponent cant see it the first second , the next 2 seconds they can see it . 	opponents can only see the area it will land in the final 0 . 5 secs . all they see if the clone , which tells you nothing 
i saw it in the wiki . not sure if it 's that small duration , but i 'm pretty sure you ca n't see the whole cast though . 	i just checked the wiki from mobile and i could n't find it 
ipod 4 .  it still does n't work 	if it 's still saying the password is incorrect please try reinstalling the latest version of auto touch . no one else is having a problem with the password . you 're sure you 're on ios 7 ? 
hmm . you 're entering it all lower case with no quotations ? are you on at least ios 7 ? the developer of auto touch stopped releasing updates for his older versions a long time ago . 	yep . i worked on the last version . not anymore . 
how about they all go back . tired of having one guy in the team with 3 kills after 28 rounds . 	you probably should n't be playing pugs then . 
where should i post this ? d : 	dont worry , esea staff is reading reddit aswell 
no but reading your question made me move my feet back under the blankets instead of laying with them hanging off the bed . 	as long as you have more of your bodies blood underneath the blankets , they wo n't notice you . keeping your heart underneath is crucial . 
are you saying that corporate tax rates directly correlate to economic growth ? 	no , but it could be said that lower corporate tax rates in post - industrial america are negatively correlated with economic growth . but in the digital age , it 's even worse . 
gay people coming out of the closet is also negatively correlated with economic growth . guess we should kill all the gays ! 	huh . well , you 're red - herring loving fool , i 'm done talking to you . peace . 
if you make over 90k you have to pay taxes in the usa no matter where you are living . so let 's say i working german and make 150k , i have to pay taxes to germany and the usa . 	do n't you get foreign tax credit ? 
13 assassins was pretty good . the buildup to the action scene was even better than the actual action scenes imo 	i was going to mention 13 assassins ! i really loved everything about that film . it had everything ; drama , action and comedy . 
i have my doubts .  however , i will say that i wish wolf was importing that night vision they said they were going to import a year or so ago . good nv for a good price ? yes , please . 	i was pretty excited for their optics but then all news of it just dried up . 
lol , i 'll be happy to just give you those 2 you know haha 	ahaha no . i got a bunch of new ones i havent handed to you so pick from those . 
people have to find some way to justify their life decisions and feel good about themselves . 	these people are lame amateurs , i personally do n't even need a reason to feel better than others 
does anyone know if this is somehow going to tie in to the end of his regular series run , or is this stand alone ? 	i would n't think so because it 's on a different world that the regular story is n't following . but there might be some reference to it 
shit man thanks i needed this advice , it does sound really robotic 	no problem ! i also forgot to mention that you should try shifting things a little bit off the grid too . either moving it a little bit to the left or right works , just mess around with it . 
yeah i am just searching for oil right now , i got everything else . 	oil can be found more often on desert planets , if you 're on a server , go into singleplayer because people like the stuff . 
no . it 's market and nothing more . do n't make him to ask more , it would just be ridiculous . 	with ch it always depends on who you are selling to . maybe someone wants just a blue ring ch kara ? who knows . 
that looks like the guy from breaking bad . 	of course he 's sad . walter just shot him in the stomach . 
thanks for the advice - would you agree with the lightning spells , or use rages ? 	lightning is easier to use , but rage can be very effective , try to prioritize balloons over dragons with rage 
let 's keep in mind this is it semi - compressed . it should explode soon enough . 	seriously , good thing she 's staying away from all the open flaming on this subreddit . 
oh yea good idea . i did n't even think about any kind of documents i 'd have to file with the landlord . 	yeah , most places do n't allow it - check your contract 
even more fun : use a paras with dry skin . 	oh yes , that too : d and flash fire , of course , somehow . and it 's a crit . and 3 swords dances . 
oh yes , that too : d and flash fire , of course , somehow . and it 's a crit . and 3 swords dances . 	sunny day , choice band . 
i feel anxious about this whole thing .  like the internet let you down and now you just have some beans and eggs in the fridge . 	find solace knowing that he failed himself long ago . 
i get the idea but chances are someone falling from that high is just going to injure or kill whoever the spotter . 	a spotter is going to try throw a pad under his head , not try and catch him . 
well i 'm going to read this , but i 'm not yet sure how this means flashing the firmware from the manufacturer is a guaranteed fix ? 	no , i 'm not fixing . i 'm running the tool on the new hd . 
some constructive criticism . you can make a much better display out of wood . this can be a fine place holder if you plan on getting more amiibos down the road though ! 	yeah , this cost me nothing . i just needed a place to put them until i can find something i like 
ok yeah . i may be confusing season with summer tires , never saw season tires in action , so i must say i could n't really . 	all - seasons have a whole lot more tread than a summer tire and generally a deeper tread as well . 
oh ok , i expect my car to keep for around 8 years max to . 	if you 're talking about a new car most come with something like a decade of rust and corrosion protection . 
i know , looks so nice . know what , i will give it a chance in my car suggestion . 	read some consumer reports and owner experiences if you 're worried about reliability 
especially considering some of the slamming deals you can get on marked down 2015 's , which would probably make op happy and still be left with a good chunk of change in his pocket . 	there is a used 2012 black edition in op 's area for less than 90k . that would still leave enough to get a used s4 for when you need to carry more than one other person . 
yeah yeah but i 'm looking for some luxurious sport cars , like a porsche does that or some mercs .  r8 is way to expensive for me , jaguar , i heard bad news about them . 	c6 with winter tires works just fine in chicago winters , and its currently - 24 right now . 
that 's really only true with older models i would n't count it out right away it 's a beautiful car with great driving dynamics 	i know , looks so nice . know what , i will give it a chance in my car suggestion . 
i see . i am kind of afraid of getting stuck but it 's not like if there is crazy blizzards and ammount of snow here . but we can get sometimes 30 cm of snow . 	well something with 10 cm or less of ground clearance is n't going to fare well driving through 30 cm of snow no matter what wheels are driving the car . 
i 'd expect a gtr to handle snow relatively well . 	it does n't matter how good your awd is if you do n't have decent ground clearance . you would still have to be very careful on anything but plowed roads . 
are you a troll or are you completely clueless ?  paying a car in 8 years ? that 's ridiculous . you 'll regret doing this !  just get a car you can actually afford . 	why ? i could get a 90k car and pay on 5 years but a 130k it will have to be 8 years . 
i 'd expect a gtr to handle snow relatively well . 	it does , it holds the world record for highest top speed on ice ! 
i know when i want someone to answer my serious question i make sure i call them incompetent first .   	lol just saw the ops username . it 's not like riot would have answered anyways . they never do - they only answer praise . 
my xbox wo n't get past the green loading screen and makes a bunch of beeping noises when i turn it on , is it caused by the update ? does anyone know any fixes ? thanks in advance . 	should post on the preview forums . 
the power to know which way a door opens correctly every time . 	or the power to know which way is the correct way to plug in a usb stick the first time , without looking . 
controlled super - strength , knock any motha - fucka out , scale walls just by gripping them , jump effortlessly to wherever you want to go . 	like the hulk , without getting angry ? 
well that 's definitely a lot more exciting from what i imagined . i imagined cushions and pillows being filled . could n't see how that required a superpower . 	the possibilities are endless and actually terrifying , you could fill space with aliens , or fill the moon with cheese 
that would be great , saves me from needing gas money . 	or never needing to use any form of transportation ever again . free travel for instant holidays would be a huge bonus . 
can i be immortal ? or just have super healing like wolverine ? 	being like wolverine with super healing would be pretty sweet . 
i want to be charisma man ! i could persuade everyone , people would pay me anything in exchange of use my power for them . that 'd be really good . 	that is pretty clever of a super power . 
do n't get me wrong , i think it 's amazing , but i have lived in canada my whole life and have never seen a backyard ice rink . 	do n't know where you live but its super super common so either or are lying or live in vancouver . 
and he 's filling the hours that you spend playing his game daily 	he gets money from our hours . whats your point . 
go to anywhere on the internet . it will scare you . 	go anywhere in a bad part of detroit and you will see drugs , does n't mean i should start shooting heroin . 
there is really no one playing the game . it is set up in such a way that the level plays itself . 	ah , a press forward map for mario . interesting . 
it 's never too late to start to learn . it can be very fun . check out your local community college . 	what language would that ai programmed in ? 
i , for one , do n't care if it is a bot playing the level . that 's damn impressive to set up . 	there is really no one playing the game . it is set up in such a way that the level plays itself . 
i would n't call it easy . you need to know exactly what you 're doing and what your character is supposed to be doing , also it 's incredibly time consuming . 	i would n't call it cool . 
so basically is this video bullshit ? educate me .  edit : i 'm not calling it bullshit , i just want to know how to judge this as a speedrun 	it 's not really bullshit , since there really is n't a way to beat these levels in a reasonable amount of time without using a tas . 
think of it as a turn - based platformer that plays more like a puzzle . the levels are designed to be next to impossible to make it a challenge . 	it 's just using the mario universe as a platform for a new type of game .   
and here , i thought i was hot shit for getting through tubular without using the balloon . 	do n't worry a real person did n't play this , it was a tool assisted run 
anyone who knows what tas means will find that obvious . i thought it was cool regardless . 	that last sentence is pretty much the reason why tas exist . it 's cheating , it 's easy , heck it 's basically just a lot of time and elbow grease . but it 's cool regardless . 
tas bots basically play back the human inputs on a frame perfect timing . 	there are ai programs that can run through games but i have n't seen any that are amazingly good . 
does not sound like it is on tempo to the feels like a wheel pitch - shifted voice . i do not think this a direct sample . sorry , man . 	you know they can speed it up right ? lol 
his soul was infused in a blade , so i 'm pretty sure he is dead . 	i did n't really think that dlc sword was to be taken seriously . 
correct me if i 'm wrong , but is that a nod to the fact that , in mgs2 , you play the last two thirds of the game as raiden ? 	no , he 's referencing the mgsv leak from a few months back where it was revealed that you play raiden in a flashback to his child soldier days for the first third of the game . 
the dude completely turned around the fortunes of an entire state . not really a soulless vehicle of oppression ? 	yes , but liberals ended up looking like fools trying to destroy him , so he is clearly soulless . 
no thanks i already own everyone else on your list . 	ok . i am waiting to hear back from a few people . if i ca n't find a rosalina soon i will see if you still want to do the falcon for ddd . 
ok , habs und so 8 , 30 und so 	: o 
no . i have no right to deny the soul experience . even if the soul is limited . once she 's pregnant , i will not intentionally get rid of the baby . 	so you are pro life ? 
hey , i believe in the woman 's right to choose . but to abort them just because of downs syndrome ? that 's a little rough 	people disagree that 's why it 's legal . 
no , we just brush his teeth before bed . in fact , my wife nurses him to sleep and he wakes up multiple times through the night and she nurses him . 	a baby should be sleeping through the night by four months old , something is wrong .  edit to add : mine was six weeks 
should i use those instead of brushing his teeth ? 	no , brushing is great , but this will go the extra mile in preventing damage . 
no , brushing is great , but this will go the extra mile in preventing damage . 	can what you see in the pics repair itself or is he screwed until he gets his adult teeth ? 
are you thoroughly wiping out his mouth before sleep ? water should be the very last thing before bed , not milk . 	no , we just brush his teeth before bed . in fact , my wife nurses him to sleep and he wakes up multiple times through the night and she nurses him . 
i 'd say ben to 10 , same game , was even bigger . down with a minute to go in the superbowl and he put it the only place he could for the game winning score . 	sports movie ending , except in real life . 
troy 's pick six against baltimore in the 2008 - 09 playoff run 	he was just so fun to watch in his prime . his fingertip scoop interception is the most athletic play i 've ever seen in sports . freaking insane . 
one tid - bit , he actually checked out of the blitz , he was actually supposed to go ! and read the play perfectly and changed . 	where did you hear this ? i 'd love to read an article to bring back that nostalgia during the offseason 
the immaculate reception it was the first playoff win the steelers ever had and it happened like that . 	this , certainly , is the greatest single play in team history .  as far as the best game - i ca n't pick just one out of about 5 in my head .   
too many youngsters on this sub . this is one of the greatest moments in steeler history . 	i ca n't help that i was n't alive for it , but it 's an amazing moment . 
the immaculate reception it was the first playoff win the steelers ever had and it happened like that . 	too many youngsters on this sub . this is one of the greatest moments in steeler history . 
it is . qatar is an absolute shithole where words like human rights , freedom , or democracy have no meaning at all . do n't ruin my beautiful sunday afternoon with such nonsense . 	america is a disgusting country which kills and bombs innocent children in other countries . it goes both ways . 
it 's not . read about how they tortured , perhaps even continue to torture , people . truly disgusting and just as bad as qatar .    the us has just as long a list of horrible acts as qatar . 	it is . qatar is an absolute shithole where words like human rights , freedom , or democracy have no meaning at all . do n't ruin my beautiful sunday afternoon with such nonsense . 
everyone on reddit should have this article sent to their email box . 	it would n't be all that useful . it 's not like after reading this article the issue disappears . 
it would n't be all that useful . it 's not like after reading this article the issue disappears . 	well , i think it means that exercise would help a lot with this . 
what do you think we would have now if that was the case ? 	no idea , but it 'd sure as heck be interesting . 
well , then . according to the constitution , only the congress can declare war . the congress has not done that since world war ii . 	 that is true , but iraq , vietnam and afghanistan were still wars . 
the jews all have to go home so they can be cleansed in righteous nuclear fire and the apocalypse can happen , then jesus will come back and take us all to heaven . 	and it 's the religious right that 's ok with that . the same religious right that want to challenge science fact . 
the jews all have to go home so they can be cleansed in righteous nuclear fire and the apocalypse can happen , then jesus will come back and take us all to heaven . 	yeah jewish lobbying and influence is really a christian extremist conspiracy . 
you do realize muslims have hated jews for thousands of years , long before israel even became a state . there is literally nothing jews could do to make muslims stop hating them . 	so if this is true , why give them land in the middle of muslim controlled lands ? to me , it 's kind of illogical . 
which president in the united states has not been a president during war time ? 	 carter and clinton . 
why does the middle east suck so much ? 	this is what happens when you have high population with limited resources and have a 3rd party randomly redraw borders . 
yes . that 's why i referenced it . please go read or watch netanyahu 's speech . or get a copy if the iranian constitution . 	edit : i stand corrected . 
the jews all have to go home so they can be cleansed in righteous nuclear fire and the apocalypse can happen , then jesus will come back and take us all to heaven . 	go out . find friends . maybe it could do you good . 
long story short , we 're bribing israel not to attack egypt and we 're bribing egypt not to attack israel . 	we 're bribing them to do our dirty work at this point ; neither have any interest in war with each other . 
yeah jewish lobbying and influence is really a christian extremist conspiracy . 	it 's very easy to lobby and influence people who believe you 're gods chosen people . if you want it to stop , stop voting for israeli asset politicians . 
do you not remember the kosovo war during the clinton administration ? 	 that was not a war . or are you defining any military skirmish as a war ? international peace keeping missions are not wars . 
maybe we could keep our cunt of a president from threatening to block any israeli military action ? 	how is america keeping a leash on israel ? are we threatening to stop giving them money ? 
what is dome grabbing for a small string ? 	i meant some . sorry phone typing kinda sucks . but again i fucked up id rather just drop this . 
yeah i 'm sure the people of iran were waiting for the green light from obama . 	but that 's not the point . netanyahu claimed a war in iraq would inspire iranians to overthrow their government , and he was right . they just did n't succeed . 
you do realize muslims have hated jews for thousands of years , long before israel even became a state . there is literally nothing jews could do to make muslims stop hating them . 	false . they could convert . 
correct me if i 'm wrong but is n't iran the exact opposite muslim belief system and dosent isis hate iran and vice versa ? that israeli government is just crazy . 	or op made the title up out of thin air . the prime minister never made that claim , in fact he made the opposite claim . 
israel 's got phenomenal state - side lobbying is the short of it . 	the u . s . gives money to people who it believes will benefit them . we dont give money to countries we have no interest in . 
i agree . israel is concerned with maintaining complete military dominance in the region . 	they seem extremely zealous about defending their people , but they do n't seem to have any interest in building an empire . those are the sorts of people that should have military dominance . 
did you hear or read netanyahu 's speech ? the part about the current constitution ? 	does the iranian constitution talk about wanting to take over the world ? 
the jews all have to go home so they can be cleansed in righteous nuclear fire and the apocalypse can happen , then jesus will come back and take us all to heaven . 	wait , so why are we trying to stop iran then ? wo n't nuclear iran make it easier to phone jesus ? 
it does n't even effect you . 	but it does affect me . the taxes i pay , the perception of my country , my relations on this planet i live on . it does more than most of us realize . 
look , whatever , i just refuse to reduce decades of conflict and an ethnic clusterfuck to simple statements , convenient as it would be . 	it just ai n't that complicated , sorry . bunch of europeans showed up claiming that god had promised them the land , and proceeded to abuse and drive out the locals . 
it 's not an inflated opinion in the least , it 's purely reality . 	isreal exists only because we allow it to . the second we withdrawal our support it will be gone . bibi needs to remember that and learn to mind his manners . 
why not let israel attack iran . just let them kick each others ass and we can watch via cnn and fox . 	if israel fought iran it would be like canada playing china in hockey . iran will be crushed to dust . 
iran is still a sharia state with a supreme religious leader . tell me this is a regime you want to support . 	so , by not enforcing harsh new sanctions or outright attacking a nation , we are supporting them ? 
he never said this in the speech , as far as i can remember . did any of you even listen to it ? 	had to scroll down past about 200 comments of shit to get to a post that calls op a bundle of sticks for basically completely lying about the content of the speech . he said the exact opposite . 
correct me if i 'm wrong but is n't iran the exact opposite muslim belief system and dosent isis hate iran and vice versa ? that israeli government is just crazy . 	you must be crazy if you did n't bother to fact check . 
 he wants his war so he can be like bush , a war president . they get bigger write ups in history books . 	i dunno , he 's been prime minister twice , i think his place in history is pretty secure . 
but that 's not the point . netanyahu claimed a war in iraq would inspire iranians to overthrow their government , and he was right . they just did n't succeed . 	this is true , but it seemed like you were blaming obama for their failure . 
the jews all have to go home so they can be cleansed in righteous nuclear fire and the apocalypse can happen , then jesus will come back and take us all to heaven . 	so as long as there is at least one jew in the us , the end of the world wo n't occur ? this seems like good news . 
does the iranian constitution talk about wanting to take over the world ? 	yes . that 's why i referenced it . please go read or watch netanyahu 's speech . or get a copy if the iranian constitution . 
you know who is not helping to fight isis ? israel .  but also , this is a wildly misleading headline . 	we have told israel time and time again not to get involved in iraq or syria . want to instantly add tens of thousands of recruits to isis ? getting israel involved will do that . 
i really wish the world was as simple as it is inside the right - wing imagination . 	reality has a well - known liberal bias . 
 not a war . stopping ethnic cleansing as a member on nato or the un , is not waging a war , 	we 've been in very few official wars but in very many conflicts . 
you honestly think iran wants to take over the whole world ? that 's ridiculous . i 'll give you isis since they want a worldwide caliphate but not iran .  edit : i stand corrected . 	did you hear or read netanyahu 's speech ? the part about the current constitution ? 
that 's unreal . we might as well make them our 51st state at this point considering the amount of money and weapons we give them . 	and move the capital there since they already run the show and control the senate . 
this is what happens when you have high population with limited resources and have a 3rd party randomly redraw borders . 	the middle east sucked and was full of war for a long time before israel showed up , in case that 's what you 're trying to say . 
 i thought the clearly expressed standard was war . 	the last time the us formally declared war was world war ii .  edit : when did stating an indisputable fact become worthy of downvotes ? 
 that was not a war . or are you defining any military skirmish as a war ? international peace keeping missions are not wars . 	well , then . according to the constitution , only the congress can declare war . the congress has not done that since world war ii . 
what is disgusting to me is that netanyahu is essentially pushing the us into a war with iran . some friend . 	he did w a great deal of success w iraq in 2003 , why not push again ? it 's not his soldiers being killed there and those who do n't get killed there , comeback and kill themselves here . 
largest economy in the world , even after paying the bills ? 	but the us does n't have the largest economy , our infrastructure is falling down and an infant born today will have grandchildren that will be paying off current debts . 
israel is worse than iran , syria , lebanon ? you ca n't be serious . do you know how these arab nations treat women or homosexuals or people of different religions ? 	those other countries have a right to exist . they were n't artificially created based on the words of a several thousand year old mostly fictitious book . 
long story short , we 're bribing israel not to attack egypt and we 're bribing egypt not to attack israel . 	to imply that there is any foreign strategy component to our funding of israel is hilarious . we pay them because of their massive lobbying arm that demands politicians on their payroll do so 
did you even read the article or did cut and paste the first thing you saw ? the bombing was carried out by a terrorist organization iran denied any involvement . 	ok , if i deny i did stuff it makes it un - happen . thanks for tip . 
that 's unreal . we might as well make them our 51st state at this point considering the amount of money and weapons we give them . 	if we actually made them a state their power would drop significantly , senators and reps do n't listen to their constituents , just their donors . 
oh come on you ca n't just tell us you have a print like this and not show us a picture . 	it 's just a block ! 
i superglue pla together all the time , works great for anything that does n't need a lot of structural support . 	ya , superglue seems to work really well with pla 
they 'll email you . either the key itself , or a link to log into the web site to get it from there . all past purchases with keys are archived in your account history on their site i think . 	thanks , going to buy it right now ! 
how do i get the steam key ? does it appear in my email , or do i need to log into gmg ? 	they 'll email you . either the key itself , or a link to log into the web site to get it from there . all past purchases with keys are archived in your account history on their site i think . 
i admit i only preordered to save money . : p 	will it cost more after its official release ? 
will it cost more after its official release ? 	nope . it 's cheaper on green man gaming though so i bought it there , and i think their price is going to go up to match steam 's after launch . 
right , but your transactions are no more safe because you 're doing them in a store : see , targets leaks . 	people use cash to buy steam credits to avoid exactly that . 
remember , according to joe , bryan has zero power behind his kicks . 	remember bryan is friends with the inventor of the heel kick . 
unless that somewhere else was an elementary school auditorium , do we really have empirical proof that the reaction would proceed ? 	no , but i would like to think that our powers of induction would lead us to believe that a similar result would occur there , we just have n't had have time to investigate it . 
i think this works for them as they 're probably recruiting small teams of exceptional geniuses to work on unique problems .  i do n't see how this will work if you want line engineers . 	the impression i 've gotten is that most companies want to believe that what they do is pay exceptional geniuses to work on unique problems .  most companies are bullshitting themselves . 
i like your hair . the color and cut has a lot of potential for really neat , textured styles . 	if you have any ideas that 'd be great , i have no idea how to style my hair : p 
bradford could easily be the better qb . foles has n't been the picture of perfect health either so far and bradford was a really big prospect coming out of college compared to foles . 	i eat my own semen if bradford proves himself to be a good starter this year . feel free to tag me . 
when do the bucs get to wheel and deal ? 	who the hell runs the rams fo . how can we trade for him ? 
watch out nfc west , the rams just got a legitimate qb .  eagles , looks like you 're closer to trading up to mariota each day . 	if they trade up and it was their long term plan all along , and mariota busts , it will be the biggest front office flop in recent times . 
excellent thanks so i can disable the scheduled scan and it 'll auto scan when new item added , awesome ! 	yeah , but not for all if you have movies and photos too . 
better pictures man . your first picture has really bad lighting which makes it hard to easy you at all .  1 skiing picture is enough . 	i yanked em from facebook , but unfortunately i have very few photos of myself that are n't work related . looks like i 'll have to ask a friend to take some . thanks for the feedback ! 
another tech basketball season is going to end with me feeling like i wasted too much time watching it . sigh . there is always next year , then the year after that . 	i think tubs can build something good . he 's just stuck at the bottom of a great conference 
there i removed it , also i heard taking pictures with your pets was one if the vest thing i could do , is that true ? also my only pets are cats , does that work well ? 	well i dont think i would take a selfie with your cat next to your face or anything weird but you could probably throw in a pic of the cat by itself doing something cool . 
well i dont think i would take a selfie with your cat next to your face or anything weird but you could probably throw in a pic of the cat by itself doing something cool . 	is sleeping cool ? just kidding i 'd be frigging cool otherwise haha , my cat tend to drink from the bathroom sink when i open it , and she can brush herself so i can probably manage . 
providing an opinion does not equal complaining . the mtg audience needs to seriously stop drinking the kool aid and be more accepting of diverse and different opinions about cards and sets . 	i agree . 
that 's no evo ssd , and apple has used samsung for a while . 	sure , just saying the in the latest macbook a brand new samsung ssd used . kinda demonstrate samsung 's domination in the ssd market . 
yes , hormones are capable of being absorbed through the skin 	does that mean estrogen has been absorbed in my body ? 
may this problem only occur in specific systems ? i have win7 and never ever had anything like that 	its still happening for a couple of patches on my old machine with win 7 , and when i got my new machine with the same system it stopped . so maybe something to do with hardware here . 
i thought it was me but indeed when you login my whole computer freezes . seriously thought it was my computer crashing . glad i 'm not the only one . 	windows 7 - 64 bit same issue , also with origin platform , anyone can confirm ?   
i thought it was me but indeed when you login my whole computer freezes . seriously thought it was my computer crashing . glad i 'm not the only one . 	i thought the new spotify patch was screwing things up , seeing how buggy it is . glad to know the actual reason 
i can still help you with ampharos though . i 'm still up for fc trades if you 're free since it has slowed down c : 	it has , i got rushed hardcore ! i should be able to pop out of the gts for a moment , can you put together the trades for me ? which pokemon you 're giving , and which ones you want in return ? 
traded anyway c : i have extra 	awesome : d i was just gonna take it down and see if i had anything else you needed , but it was already traded : p thanks so much ! 
i think he 's more trying to explain english reactions rather than claim them as his own . though i must say from my experience of working in england it 's not very accurate 	i think it 's pretty accurate of establishment tories . i know plenty of lefties who welcome the inclusion of a strong anti austerity , progressive party in westminster . 
hardware problem - bad flash memory . 	are you saying that the memory has failed and the device is dead ? 
are you saying that the memory has failed and the device is dead ? 	yup , i had a similar issue . i sent it out for warranty repair . when i got it back , they mentioned the fix and it was to replace the flash memory . how long was it running ? 
the uk still use miles for distance . they are a bit weird as they have adopted part of the metric system but not all of it . 	this is correct . the old folk kicked up a stink with the government , they found base 10 more confusing than base 12 and 16 ! 
piranha do n't attack living things for the most part . you would probably be okay . 	exactly , unless you are bleeding or they confuse you for an animal in distress . 
that 's just ridiculous on how there 's still flesh intact on certain parts of his body .   	he drowned , and was washed downstream where he was wedged with parts of his body above water . the eating was n't a frenzy like this vid and occurred over a few days , i believe . 
yes i would . first i would fish all the piranhas out . make money selling them too and then go in the water and get my million . 	first empty the amazon - check . 
i do n't mind a little ketchup on my hot dog as long as the buns are tight 	tight buns ? so you want the bread all mashed up into a little ball ? 
piranha do n't attack living things for the most part . you would probably be okay . 	not when they 're like this . you would absolutely get bit . i study collective behavior in fish for a living . 
1 million dollars to hop into a tornado full of razor blades for 30 seconds . 	as long as you 're not bleeding and the tornado is n't being starved , you should be fine . 
should have elaborated . i do n't assume on those basis , just meant everyone assumes something about people quite a bit . sorry about that 	i 'll give you than . i mean if someone is an asshole on the road , i assume they are in every part of their life , as well . 
oh shit . get the fuck out of here . 	we 're all gonna fucking die 
graphics are starting to look too life - like , this made me yawn  	thought it was a real thing , until the gaping mouth . still everything else around him seemed so life - like 
graphics are starting to look too life - like , this made me yawn  	it 's actually pretty impressive for a console . must 've took a lot of effort to pull off given the limited processing power they have to work with . 
can someone please tell me what i 'm looking for ? i 've been staring for 5 minutes and ca n't figure it out . 	are you joking ? the guy apparently fucking screaming did n't stick out to you ? 
that video is nice . big boom . 	that was a great shot . 
i tried to win the throne to save the sub , when i should 've saved the sub to win the throne . let 's do this . 	keep up the fun jokes , the potato one was hilarious 
are you kidding me ? you 're the motherfucking one true king of westeros ! you could never be a hindrance . 	i tried to win the throne to save the sub , when i should 've saved the sub to win the throne . let 's do this . 
practice ! then submit video for critique . 	is there , like , a sub for learning to dance ? 
hahaha how loud does it get . i 'm a bedroom warrior who sometimes pays with a drummer friend . would it be good enough for that 	loud enough for a bedroom at 3 . playing with a drummer in a metal band was hard . not enough headroom . 
it would be funny seeing a kid reach for an amiibo but an adult reacts fast and takes the last lil mac hahah . 	ohhhh hahahaha that would be pretty funny . i can see it in my head now . that would be a cool short video . i think i might make one . 
works for me as well . this is excellent timing with the ncaa tournament ! 	sweet ! i was worried about the old apk not working because my roommates are really into college basketball and they would have killed me if it would n't work ! 
still does n't add icon to home screen correct ? 	correct ! i do n't think we will see that until they officially release an app for the nexus player and android tv 
is it just me , or is this one much faster and higher quality than the previous apk ? 	i was thinking the same thing . 
why does the state allow parents to opt out of testing to begin with ? 	the only problem with common core is that it has become a political football . it is an important standard . 
she does n't like meat but her food has animal protein . we do n't tell her tho , let her believe she is vegetarian . 	so she 's a hipster cat ! 
does she really not eat meat ? because cats are carnivores , you know . they need the protein . 	she does n't like meat but her food has animal protein . we do n't tell her tho , let her believe she is vegetarian . 
this is like my cat . he will eat tuna but he loves bell peppers , celery , rice , and bread . weirdo . 	i once had a cat that ate an entire loaf of wheat bread when i was in class . i had to start hiding my bread in the fridge 
end of the game . almost died as the monster on the last level of evacuation . but won 	i think he means you are n't supposed to be able to lightning blast things above you . 
wow . i would have guessed it was in the 2nd or 3rd at the most , but apparently it 's already approved for a 6th season . at least them trying to lose weight is apparently a central theme . 	remember when kevin james lost weight in king of queens , he actually got funnier but then made movies 
god , i love that side plot . such a badass at the accounting firm . 	hey ted ! ben 's here ! 
side burns ! 	what 's the least important part of the house ? the roof ! 
what movie is this from ? 	it 's from the tv show parks and recreation . you can find the first six seasons on netflix . so yourself a favor and skip the first season ; you wo n't miss much . 
too bad they had to stick two awful seasons between them . 	the final season was a slight improvement , it had some gems like work bus . 
that 's deep bro . i thought you had to push the game down for it to activate . if not , you just blew my mind . 	haha . its true ! but you do have to bend the pins back into place for it to work . 
i think you guys are really talented , creating a very original composition on a classic game ! i 'd love to see more of this stuff . 	wow thank you ! we work on stuff every week and have nailed it down to try to get a video out every 2 weeks . so there will be more . 
well i technically only have one part time job that averages to about 25 hours a week . then i have two freelance gigs that i can basically make my own hours for . 	yeah , i considered pt jobs but i 'm still unsure how to make it work . still , it 's impressive that you are able to juggle the three . 
if you 're a good programmer you do n't even need a college degree to make six figures around here . 	care to elaborate ? i 'm currently going down this path 
aw , that 's super - adorable . i love that you even made his little necklace ! 	that he is , i was thinking of making iron bull , dorian or cole . it 's a shame i could n't make the little jaw bone pendant i could n't think of how to make it . 
dont be a game designer be a game programmer who 's good at design then see what happens 	boom . i honestly do not believe it is possible to be a game designer without knowing how to make a game . either by code or by art . ideas just are n't tangible without actual work . 
house of knives on sahara is the best store in the valley . they have lots of inventory from basic to high end 	is that in the knife district ? 
totally did not expect picture 13 . 	lol , imagine how i felt when i walked in there , after wandering around a seemingly empty mansion . 
i am totally down , i live up on 8th and emerson , shoot me a message ! i get off at 3pm m - f 	awesome ! i 'll message you some specifics when i get back home 
good luck with that , blitz jesus . 	god speed , morale moses . 
you would def be able to clean that up pretty good with some jason mark or any other good sneaker cleaner . 	yea just need to get round to doing it . what you did n't see was the tear in the blue lining on inside of the left shoe . 
or let us catch other people , and have them as pets . 	or train our pets to turn other people into their pets . my pet wolf needs a toy . 
they do n't scale with damage ? lame . 	literally base character damage with horrible fire rate and no way to upgrade it .  brother bobby is epic fetus tier compared to scissors .   
i thought 800 was the hard cap , actually . 1600 rounds is rediculous given they reload every few waves . 	haha i agree that 1600 is a bit ridiculous , but in previous version you would have two 800 round boxes . when you went through the first , it would automatically reload from the second . 
fitting specific function types to data is something i 've only done with matlab . however if you 're looking for free i 'm pretty sure r can do any type of curve fitting you require . 	i second r . as useful as matlab can be , r is far easier to use for curve fitting and statistics in general . 
friendly fire could also be a great idea for a raid encounter of some sort . then have the gameplay require you to do things that would damage your allies if you do n't coordinate . 	i 'd figure hard mode raids would have friendly fire on a long with no revives . i was actually kind of surprised during my first hard vog 
there 's no such thing as a british accent . just gotta say . 	you 're gonna be that guy ? 
getting fat is such a bad decision . 	all of the hams out there are going to downvote you lol 2nd edit : never commenting lie this again , i learned my lesson .   
that 's a common scam . i always leave the note they hand over on the counter in front of everyone while i get the change . take the note on the counter when you hand the change to the customer . 	yeah its pretty much retail 101 , i used to put them on top of the drawer while taking the change out then put it in after handing the change over . 
ahhhh the walrus club . i do love that place . i 've spent far too much money on rum and cigars down there . 	have they managed to get rid of the smell of the brisbane river from it that it sat in for about a month after the 2011 floods ? 
alt enter takes the game out of fullscreen , if i print screen while in fullscreen it comes out all black . 	no fullscreen windowed ? print screen usually works using that for me without having any black screen issues , i have had that happen full screen though . 
can that be done with a regular bloodwork check ? 	yes . it 's a blood test that must be ordered . 
having seen season 1 , are you looking forward to a season 2 ? 	yes . my prediction : sung won the election , but since he was actually ineligible to run in the first place , a constitutional crisis ensues . 
i have one simple question :  who comes up with this shit ? 	i think we ought to figure out what the fuck exactly this shit is . i ca n't tell if there is really a point to it at all . 
i have one simple question :  who comes up with this shit ? 	i have one simple answer :  people that come up with this shit . 
the latch cube is extremely difficult to solve . 	it 's actually fairly easy once you know how to do it . 
if montreal got a team back would they play at olympic stadium again ? is n't that place like 35 years old ? 	there was a plan proposed a few years ago that would involve a a new team playing in the big o for a few years while a new stadium is built . a new stadium is a must . 
forgive the possible stupid question , but it there 's so much love for baseball in mtl why did no one go to the games when there was actually a team there ? 	montreal loves baseball . they also hate management actively trying to kill a team . 
if montreal got a team back would they play at olympic stadium again ? is n't that place like 35 years old ? 	the commish said that they would need to build a new stadium . 
it 's not about the jays , honestly . i guarantee there 'll be more expos swag in the stands than jays and reds gear combined . 	it 's great to see just the same - obviously shows mlb that montreal should have a team again 
that catcher 's stance . how can that be comfortable . 	whenever my knee needed a break from being underneath me , i loved to throw it out to the side for a pitch or two . 
forgive the possible stupid question , but it there 's so much love for baseball in mtl why did no one go to the games when there was actually a team there ? 	that 's a long story , but it basically boils down to a terrible , terrible ballpark and actively malicious and destructive management . 
stupid . practiced yoga , took it for a college class , was n't a huge fan . when did things like this stop being voluntary activities ? what 's next ? 	gym class is gym class , for certain ages its not voluntary . if its basketball day , you play basketball . if soccer day you play soccer . whats the difference if the kids try yoga ? 
or just pants unless your teenage years were vastly different from mine . 	if you want to get technical it depends on what kind of underwear you were wearing as well as the style of pants . briefs will conceal an erection much better than boxers . 
 is informing the kids on the origins of yoga is still being neutral ? if taught without the history and origin , to me , is america colonizing a religious practice . 	sorry , the only way to be informed is to learn about history and then make your own decision .   
i had yoga in high school . it 's good but i think it is an awful replacement for what pe should be . 	i went to a catholic high school and we had a yoga and a meditation class . 
technically speaking , yoga is religious even though most people only use it as a form of exercise . 	much like eating bread can be a religious activity . 
where i live all the schools banned yoga pants . now they 'll have to allow yoga pants and ban teenage erection pants . 	i 'm in high school and its yoga pants everywhere . i 'd say the majority of girls here wear them and i think its gotten to the point where there 'd be riots if the school tried to ban them . 
where i live all the schools banned yoga pants . now they 'll have to allow yoga pants and ban teenage erection pants . 	they banned them here but they do n't enforce it because staring at girl 's pants to see if they are yoga pants is perverted 
i had yoga in high school . it 's good but i think it is an awful replacement for what pe should be . 	i had yoga in place of pe for part of middle school . i hated it , but it was helpful . it works much better as a supplement to regular pe than as a replacement . 
just rebrand yoga and call it jesus poses . problem solved . 	no , then you just incite my side , which is against religion of any kind in public schools . and the end result would probably be no yoga , which means everybody loses . 
why would he not just tuck it under ? no one i know ever had to be taught that move , you just start doing it when you start getting boners . 	unfortunately the ol tuck is n't a foolproof plan when wearing sweatpants and doing a boner bridge 
why would anyone care about yoga being taught in gym class ?  it is great for balance and stretching 	i had no idea this was even an issue . the public high school i went to in the late 90s had yoga class . 
i took yoga senior year of high school for pe credit . i was one of 5 guys in a class of about 30 . best . class . ever .  also worth noting that this was a public high school in california . 	last year we had yoga but it was girls only . genders were separated , so girls could n't go into football or wrestling but guys could n't go into dance or yoga . 
real women like men with curves . 	well , good thing i 'm neither female nor real . 
i worked 95 hours a week on average in investment banking for two years after college . shit sucked . 	at least you had a pile of money to go home to ! 
you put makeup on your legs and fix your leg hair ? i do n't see how what pants you 're wearing affects what 's going on with your face ? 	they 're too busy looking at your ass to notice your face . 
why would anyone care about yoga being taught in gym class ?  it is great for balance and stretching 	yoga was originally developed as a form of meditation in hinduism . clearly , this makes it devil worship .  and sadly , that is actually the problem people have with it . 
why would anyone care about yoga being taught in gym class ?  it is great for balance and stretching 	one of my high school gym classes had a yoga unit . it sucked . everyone complained so we just played floor hockey . 
what are the benefits of sex tape over silicone tape , may i ask ? 	i do n't know truthfully i suspect you would have to try them side - by - side . 
the penis to waist band is probably the most genius idea man kind has accomplished . 	naw dude one time this girl was playing with this dude and pulled up his shirt on accident there he stood , giant boner poking out and everyone just froze lol . 
i 'm a practicing homosexual hindu - satanist that casually attends scientology because of it ! 	thank you for sharing your personal experience . i hope it 's made you a better person . 
i had yoga in high school . it 's good but i think it is an awful replacement for what pe should be . 	in all my years of sports i never had a more intense and gratifying exercise than a rigorous yoga session . although , i 'm sure the majority of students would n't even exercises so rigorous . 
what are you getting at ? i 'm saying that my high school is the only one in the world that offers yoga as a class 	you think a few of the high schools in india might offer it ? 
technically speaking , yoga is religious even though most people only use it as a form of exercise . 	it 's just exercise i 'll eat a edible do some yoga say racist . jokes then drink a beer . not even . close to religion . 
better start praying to my sandwich then . 	i prefer my christ body lightly toasted , topped with peanut butter and honey . 
much like eating bread can be a religious activity . 	better start praying to my sandwich then . 
you put makeup on your legs and fix your leg hair ? i do n't see how what pants you 're wearing affects what 's going on with your face ? 	haha , what i meant was people wear yoga pants for you know a days where they do n't have to be wearing their best clothes . 
i took yoga senior year of high school for pe credit . i was one of 5 guys in a class of about 30 . best . class . ever .  also worth noting that this was a public high school in california . 	be honest . in your personal experience , did you feel like that class pushed religious values on you ? 
i had yoga in high school . it 's good but i think it is an awful replacement for what pe should be . 	climbing ropes is way more practical than learning a health practice that you can do daily wherever you are . 
why would your gardener burn down the school ?   	maybe jesus just got fed up with life and decided go all out on the school . 
when you finally get a women to get naked for you , you 'll understand . 	you should know that your mom does n't count as a woman , its debatable what her species even is . 
and i will scream to my dying day that mindfulness is not an adjective ! it drives me bonkers when people say mindfulness meditation . 	i really hope not . there are more important things that are bad on this earth . 
spent a lot of time with my hand in my pocket holding my junk to my side . hopefully i was as conspicuous as i thought i was . 	could n't possibly have been any less conspicuous than the binder - walk of shame . everyone knows why you 're holding your binder in front of you like that while you 're walking . everyone . 
what is your occupation ? 	yoga teacher . 
yeah , but that is can be ruled as meaningless as anything else that still has religious context .  also , us courts do n't really abide by indian law 	no , but they do supposedly uphold the separation of church and state . albeit really really fucking poorly when it comes to christianity . 
i 'm actually in a yoga class at school now . my high school is the only school in the world that teaches it right now . 	you might want to look up how many more indians there are than americans on the planet . 
you might want to look up how many more indians there are than americans on the planet . 	what are you getting at ? i 'm saying that my high school is the only one in the world that offers yoga as a class 
i took yoga senior year of high school for pe credit . i was one of 5 guys in a class of about 30 . best . class . ever .  also worth noting that this was a public high school in california . 	newsflash : every . girl . thought . you . were . gay . 
i have heard meditation come up in a christian context . 	when i 've heard christians say meditate , they usually just mean pray . 
ah yes , what with all of the hindu extremists running around nowadays . 	as a former hindu these guys do exist and there are a lot of gullible people in india who take them seriously . 
i really hope not . there are more important things that are bad on this earth . 	because you ca n't be annoyed by more than one thing ? i 'm sorry your brain has such small operating space . 
why do n't we teach kids a real form of exercise and not yoga 	yeah , more good ole american , brain - killing football . ps fuck your team ! go sports ! 
why would anyone care about yoga being taught in gym class ?  it is great for balance and stretching 	because they think an idle mind is the devils playground . they think the devil will posses your soul if you do yoga . i 'm dead serious . i had this argument with a southern baptist . 
i simply disagree . i tried it at the class and tried it outside of it but could n't get into it . it is my opinion that yoga is boring 	good thing it looks like kids will have a choice , then . i like the idea of alternatives to regular gym class . 
paint her like one of your french girls . i hear that works . 	in real life , the guy who gives her the giant diamond necklace wins 
that 's a rather high cuff . any reason for it ? do n't get me wrong , i love naked ankles as much as any other guy , but it seems a little high and out of place . 	hes sitting down and pulling his leg to the side , which raises the cuff incredibly higher lmao 
are you wearing them without socks ? dont they get smelly ? 	not really a lot of ppl do n't wear socks in the summer . one of the things most people do n't do is actively wash their feet in the shower which makes a big difference . 
great quality and interesting . one of my favourite pieces . 	they look amazing . 
huh , pretty out there . why the dark socks ? 	it gives a visual break between cuff and shoe . i love the contrast between the minuscule amount of black and the white overload . 
i want to say a grey t - shirt might look better , but honestly this thread is making it difficult to know for certain . 	i think a grey t - shirt matches the polyester casual feel of the ma - 1 , but it 's easter so the ocbd and chinos felt like a little bit more appropriate 
are those pants black or dark brown ? 	they 're actually navy haha . sorry again for the bad lighting ! did n't mean to cause confusion . 
shorts ? 	shorts are n't always appropriate for the location , or maybe he just wanted to wear pants 
dogfish head is n't sold in my state 	there 's better ipas out there than 90 minute . it 's good but you are n't missing too much , and 120 minute is impossible to find if you 're not on the east coast . 
do you own a dog or a cat by any chance ? 	nah , just a old couch  
i like the fit and everything but why is the watch on the side of your wrist ? i 've never seen that before ! 	it just slipped off a bit . i 'm not a total stickler about keeping it perfect , occasionally it 's fully upside down , even . 
i 've had a couple update with an alternative offer , but i kept searching the area and eventually found my mark . 	if you get the location of the anaconda first then the alternate offer does n't bug the mission . you can still find the target . if you get the alternate mission first it bugs the mission . 
good for porcello . lol at the sox for dishing out that kind of cash . i 'm surprised ricky took a four year extension . 	i mean , he 'll get to be a free agent at age 30 , which is great for him if he performs well up to that point . 
thanks ! to play the devils advocate : would it have been ok if he played for amateurs ? 	well maybe . but he changed some lyrics i believe for that performance . 
you had to rage hack to boost silvers ? 	nope , just got bored of the game . 
the logo goes to the outside of the ankle not the inside . i love it when nobody bothers to check the tattoo before the ink is applied . 	i 'm looking at my converse right now and logo is on inside of shoe 
the logo goes to the outside of the ankle not the inside . i love it when nobody bothers to check the tattoo before the ink is applied . 	nope , they really are on the inside . converse advertising images tend to show the inside of the shoe . 
naw they 're great cheap weightlifting shoes . i would n't run in them , but they 're great for squatting and deadlifts . 	why are they great weightlifting shoes ? i 've seen people use them in the gym . i must be missing something here .   
converse sneakers : as useful as wearing no shoes at all  	naw they 're great cheap weightlifting shoes . i would n't run in them , but they 're great for squatting and deadlifts . 
converse sneakers : as useful as wearing no shoes at all  	like vans , only higher up your ankle . 
you act as if a division rival has no idea what 's going on either . 	you cannot possibly have watched hoyer 's last four or five games and honestly consider that competent qb play . he was outright horrendous . 
we have put at least one qb on crutches for four consecutive years . it does n't matter who we have if we ca n't protect them or keep the defense honest by running the ball effectively . 	it 's way more important than a running game or an o line 
on the plus side , the weather here is awesome . 	are you kidding me ? tennessee 's weather is awful . especially in fall and winter . 
having lived in the midwest and northeast , this is like paradise to me . chicago was great in the summer , however . both weeks of it were fantastic . 	well , granted , i 've also lived here almost my entire life , so there 's that . everyone who was born here will probably tell you our weather sucks lol 
well , granted , i 've also lived here almost my entire life , so there 's that . everyone who was born here will probably tell you our weather sucks lol 	i was born here , but moved around northern states enough to really appreciate the tennessee climate . 
changing things up today by shitting on a bad team other than the browns and jets ? 	i love not being on this list ! 
i love not being on this list ! 	high five ! 
we also had the worst run defense i 've ever seen with my own eyes . you cannot win games in the nfl if you ca n't stop the run . 	colts won the sb with one of the worst run ds of all time . 
still need a qb . rodgers and luck drag teams to the playoffs kicking and screaming 	we have put at least one qb on crutches for four consecutive years . it does n't matter who we have if we ca n't protect them or keep the defense honest by running the ball effectively . 
excuse me ? one of the worst secondaries in the league ? we only employ the very best cb in the league , and a pro bowl safety . defensive backfield is the colts 'd only strength ! 	vontae davis was out that game . 
word on the street is smith did n't quit , but was forced out during a power struggle between the owners . it was part of the lead owner from the adams family changing . 	even more reason to suggest that the fo is disorganized . we have a team of owners that are not interested in running a nfl franchise . 
are you kidding me ? tennessee 's weather is awful . especially in fall and winter . 	having lived in the midwest and northeast , this is like paradise to me . chicago was great in the summer , however . both weeks of it were fantastic . 
i was born here , but moved around northern states enough to really appreciate the tennessee climate . 	understandable . farthest north i 've ever been is kentucky so i do n't think i have a dog in this race , haha . 
still need a qb . rodgers and luck drag teams to the playoffs kicking and screaming 	that might have been true a year or two ago , but the packers and colts have done a good job of building a solid team around their quarterback . 
i miss original bubs . 	we need to ask him what happened to his first wife ! 
i wonder if a screen protector will help with glare . 	i think it could , i really like the tempered glass ones , not sure if those are out yet for the edge . 
bulls will probably keep trolling us and win tonight . 	same deal if they lose , though . playoffs hopes are down the pacers being ravaged by a brutal stomach bug , with symptoms starting tomorrow . 
how do you translate from womens to boys sizes ? 2 sizes up or something ? 	2 down . so i 'm a 9 and i wear a 7 in boys . 
are they true to size ? 	i go a half size up because i have wide feet , otherwise i 'd say yes . 
yeah ! i hope it will be a successful giveaway xd 	do you mind if i trade someone else a mon before i give you all of your pokemon ? our trade will take a while , and i do n't want his mon to be buried into the gts . 
you 're doing a giveaway with a group of people ? cool ! 	yeah ! i hope it will be a successful giveaway xd 
you ca n't really be that interested , it 's only 15 pounds on psn store . 	why would i give them money when they promised a free game then totally backed out and fucked up the release of the paid version ? 
that sounds too good be true . do you know if there 's realistic damage ? that something i 've always wanted from gt , but they 've never done it . 	i doubt it , it 's more about the car physics been as close to real life as we 've ever seen in a console . i imagine there is a damage model , but i do n't see it been too realistic . 
it has a career mode where you go from racing carts to f1 or any other race car you can think of . you can even go from one series to another like a better version of danica patrick . 	wait , does this game actually include f1 ? 
please for fuck sake have good matchmaking and online in general . 	god i hope so . i 've rarely played a racing game where as soon as the lights go green it does n't just turn into destruction derby . 
is that the north america release too ? thats not a tuesday so i 'm wondering if it 'll be may 5 in na . 	i was thinking that too . but when it was scheduled for release in this month is was due out on the 2nd for eu and steam and the 7th for the us . do n't know how it 'll work this time around . 
never tried running the abyss with mida so i have no reference to think of . gonna have to search for videos 	it 's a popular hunter speed build , use mida , radiant dance machines , max agility , and increase sprint speed perk 
this is my favorite part of the raid and it 's always more fun doing it this way . i hate when one person goes to the end and you do n't get to play until the bridge . 	my favorite part of ce is running sword on crota . nothing , even coffee , gets my heart racing with excitement more than picking up that blade with the epic music in the background 
oryx bin laden would make more sense but the raid is about killing crota not oryx . 	bin literally means son of , and his name is crota son of oryx . i 'm not sure why i need to explain this . 
air could still be coming out but not as much as it can push out .  some of the most popular ways is to put pure silicon oil or spray on the o - rings or wrap teflon tape .   	so should i teflon wrap the nozzle ? because it looks like there used to be an o ring on it but there isnt one anymore and one of the lips to hold the o ring is cracked and coming off 
if it 's a compression issue , would n't there not be any air coming out of the nozzle ? 	air could still be coming out but not as much as it can push out .  some of the most popular ways is to put pure silicon oil or spray on the o - rings or wrap teflon tape .   
are you sure that it 's one of your friend ? did you play all 115 wins with a premade 5 stack ? 	i am very sure it 's one of my friends . i have multiple teams i play with on a regular basis . but i did n't play every win with the same players over and over again 
interesting hobby . 	yea , i grew out of it kind of . now i collect first edition copies of victorian - era books . i think that 's progress ? 
almost 2 gallons of md a day ? you 're going to need that money for a coffin soon . a big coffin . 	it 's fine i slow down to just a little over a gallon a day in the winter so it evens out . right ? 
are you agnostic ?   	yea , i 'm godless . how did you figure that out ? 
yup , i was a fool to think i was in with a chance with that one ! but did n't your carpet get sticky ? 	naah , the carpet was fine after i picked them up .  honestly , the carpet was already jacked up from dog pee and poop so there was n't any damage to be done lol 
the sarcasm is strong in this one . sarcasm leads to hate and hate leads to the dark side . say hi to palpatine 	no , really , you 're my hero . i never thought of putting a fridge in my room , i 'm seriously thinking about buying a fridge now to stash my pepper away . 
that is almost as bad as my mountain dew habit . except i do the 2 liter bottles i buy 100 2 liter bottles a month usually . 	you and i are on the road to diabetes and early death , no doubt .  god speed to you ! 
lol i love that scene ! take my upvotes ! 	such and awesome movie , and probably one of the best scenes in it ! 
there is over a kilo of sugar worth of consumed dr . pepper in this photo . . . 	and keep in mind this is only a very small portion of my what my addiction consumed . 
beer cans smell funky after a while , but dr . pepper cans smell like heaven all the time .  move in with a soda maniac next time .  best wishes john green 	the smell is terrible . i can tell if his bedroom door is open or closed when i walk in the house based only on the smell . 
fake , no dirty computer with a cigarette burned keyboard 	i was too young to be smoking cigarettes . i was about 14 .  however , the dirty computer was located in the living room . 
oh dear god the ants that must be living in those cans . 	no ants ! not even one . it was a miracle of some kind . 
you are you like the 6th person to comment with that sentence lol no there was n't any ants . it was some kind of miracle , i swear . 	yup , i was a fool to think i was in with a chance with that one ! but did n't your carpet get sticky ? 
the trash can was recently thrown out ?  yea , i ca n't really think of an excuse . 	was the trash can garbage ? 
replace those with bud light cans and that 's what my roommates room looks like right now .  i ca n't wait to move out 	beer cans smell funky after a while , but dr . pepper cans smell like heaven all the time .  move in with a soda maniac next time .  best wishes john green 
games only been out 2 months , yo 	reality hit hard when i realized the amount of time i put playing this game over two months . it seems waaaaay longer than that . 
i do n't understand how people can play with their hotas up on the desk like that . and that damn close to the monitor 	hey , holding my arms up with my hotas on my desk is the most exercise i get . 
i do n't understand how people can play with their hotas up on the desk like that . and that damn close to the monitor 	well , it 's worth considering who 's sitting at the computer . someone much taller or someone who has the seat adjusted properly might find them to be at a perfect height . 
what 's the fatebringer of ce , or in other words , what 's the gun everyone wants to get from ce ? 	black hammer .  hunger of crota if you do n't have gjallarhorn .  fang of ir yut , word of crota are good but not fatebringer level . 
it sure does . i have a three little words with this combination and if both trigger at the same time it can almost kill in one burst . 	just noticed that it does n't seem to be working for any combo . my bad 
whats the best place to get the kill 7 hive with nova bomb ? 	do the war mind mission in the expansion . let the rows of thralls start coming down the stair where that yellow knight is , jump around a bit and then nova bomb them . 
what is the difference between the armor of light and blessing of light perks for ward of dawn , apart from blessing working outside of the bubble ? 	you get much more protection from armor of light . 
what 's the fatebringer of ce , or in other words , what 's the gun everyone wants to get from ce ? 	i would guess black hammer as well if you are referring to crota 's end raid . the fatebringer is a coveted , legendary hand cannon that can only be obtained from the vault of glass raid . 
if i only have an hour to play every week , and my goal is only to get a gjallahorn , is it better to do a raid or a few nightfalls ? 	if you can manage a few nightfalls and it 's an easy one then nightfalls 
false . you can get exotic from roc playlist and crucible . also from both raids vog and ce 	you read wrong : exotic armor .  armor exotics do not drop in playlists , crucible , or raids . only weapons . 
the was talk that iron banner is the third tuesday of every month . i 'm too lazy to validate this , but it does sound right and make sense . 	well in that case , it will land tomorrow . i really hope this is true ! 
super random question : can anyone tell me how long an in - game day is in real time ? 	i 've estimated that 3 hours is a full day in destiny . might be wrong though . 
super good advice does n't actually register the oversoul as an enemy so most of the bullets that get fired stay in the magazine . it works a lot like the oracles . 	which , while a neat fact , means you are n't using rockets on crota , which is pretty much essential to the hm fight . 
also says you ca n't have tripod on a heavy weapon . period . unless i 'm just being a big dummy and do n't know how to use it correctly 	i suspect it may have been broken by the last patch , the same way that the way that perks display in the companion app was broken for a little while . 
i have a 31 titan with exotic , raid , and vanguard legendary helms , gauntlets , and chest armor . is there any reason to hold on to my vanguard armor at this point ? 	i would n't say no . wait until they reveal the upgrade paths for pre how gear and then form your opinion on that . 
we 've woken the hive !  first moon mission when you wake the hive and thralls come pouring out . 	this or the first room in the omnigul strike . but yeah , you should have a dark beyond thrall checkpoint anyway . 
should n't there be iron banner tomorrow , since it was supposed to be here this week , presuming that it runs on a fixed schedule ? 	they say there is n't but it may and they want to stop the tower no rank needed trick 
wow that 's a good schedule ! thank you for sharing and i 'll try and make one similar to it ! 	no problem ! it 's just a matter of creating one over time . this was a lot of trial and error to find the best schedule . 
you read wrong : exotic armor .  armor exotics do not drop in playlists , crucible , or raids . only weapons . 	ok my bad , thanks for the downvote . just 1 comment , we are human and we are able to commit mistakes . regards 
the snp do n't care . their end goal is independence , not scotland 's objective best economic interest . ffa making us poorer is fine because it 's an extra step towards independence . 	if fiscal autonomy was a disaster and our finances imploded i do n't see how that would help the snp convince people independence is a good idea . 
ca n't seem to post another because this account it too new ? 	yeah , you 'll have to wait for the time limit to rest and or start posting more comments to gain some positive karma . 
hahaha please do n't stop . every time i look at the comments of a post , and see that you 've posted something . i know i 'm in for a real treat . 	thanks lol . i try to have as much fun as possible making sure people know about the power of the true mut savory mr . steve f 'n young ! 
its typical case of social engineering . 	no social engineering is discussed in this article , its just about software that might be bad , if it were installed by a gullible user , if it worked . nothing to see here . 
this is exactly what we do . it 's a simple way to make sure there 's always at least enough money to cover the bills . 	no issues for you ? everything seem to be working alright ? do you find you 're saving more money now than before ? 
i think that content creators should boycott the steam workshop and only put their content on the nexus until steam pulls their head out of their ass . 	i think it does n't matter because too many of them have dollar signs in their eyes . 
it 's just sad because any other player that puck would have just hit them in the chest . hopefully the caps isles will go 7 games and he will have plenty of time to rest 	even with zucc 's height , he was bent over getting checked in front of the crease . could have happened to anybody . 
it 's just sad because any other player that puck would have just hit them in the chest . hopefully the caps isles will go 7 games and he will have plenty of time to rest 	and the isles take it . even with the recent postseason record against the caps i think they 'd cause more trouble especially on the power play . 
penguins played very well for what they had , and fleury played out of his mind , but they never really had a chance .  go rangers . 	they had a lot of chances given to them by the biased and shitty refs . pens just did n't capitalize on those many chances enough to win more than 1 game against the rangers . 
i 'm not to familiar with lovejoy but i know that was n't the first time this series lovejoy was responsible for a goal against haha 	i think since acquiring him at the trade deadline he 's a - 10 . he blew two games for them in the regular season too . 
shave that stache , crosby you 're going home 	his mustache kinda makes him look like he 's twelve 
i do n't really care who wins the series , i just want it to go seven games 	yep . more rest for the rangers  
oh shit , i was just waiting for red too , and then the servers pooped out for a second . i literally just witnessed it hit 0 .  ah well , all praise grays 	can we count it if it was a server error ? 
i 've never lost a single match with that team . 	offensively rs is great , defensively its the weakest cuz the ai doesnt play like you do . 
it 's not simplistic it is lazy . simplistic would be a simple design that was not already in the movie everywhere . 	i would say this is simple , not lazy .  there was a bat symbol in times square for months leading up to batman 1989 . i would n't call that laziness , just simple , good marketing . 
i would say this is simple , not lazy .  there was a bat symbol in times square for months leading up to batman 1989 . i would n't call that laziness , just simple , good marketing . 	no the bat symbol was not lazy and was good marketing . there is a difference from using a symbol that is similar and using something that they literally copy and pasted onto a black background . 
i could see that happening . possibly a whole host of playable characters might get announced , that would be pretty grand . 	yeah will probable be like a small lets play type of trailer where he 's walking pulls up the big map to mark a location does some crime fighting trailer ends with a new character or something 
hmm , really ? i 'm not so sure with that . the files will just be back in the sd card . my recovery went smoothly 	oh thanks ! i 'll just find a way around it . 
hey ! what do i do after i recover my pictures ? it seems that i ca n't view it with the default photo viewer in my laptop . thank you . 	hmm , really ? i 'm not so sure with that . the files will just be back in the sd card . my recovery went smoothly 
of all the disaster types that could hit the metro , an earthquake is really the one i fear the most . 	tsunami for me . i hate water . 
any chance you 'll take any trades on the mouse ? 	depends on what you have to offer . 
just look at your mount options next time you log in . it 's been in the game for quite a while as it was part of the founder 's pack . 	that 's a golden cyber wolf , not a golden tiger . 
just look at your mount options next time you log in . it 's been in the game for quite a while as it was part of the founder 's pack . 	it 's a the golden tiger and the golden cyber wolf are separate mounts . 
i 've looked into moving out , and you 're right , i do n't think leaving the country is a realistic option . i think we need to try to address these issues here . 	we 're in a good position here , what with the gun rights , absolute free speech , and cultural conservatism that western europe does n't have .   
you 'll be fine . i 'm not a dentist but i sincerely doubt anything will happen . 	yeah . that 's what i thought . but wanted a doctor 's opinion for my peace of mind . thanks ! 
oh , my town has zero news , ever . even though we have a paper , there 's nothing interesting in it lol 	fine you win . my town has crappy news almost daily 
i never thought of it that way . accents attract people . i would go but i know nothing of your country . i 'd get eaten 	stick to the cities , you 'll be right .  but yeah i think the accent adds a lot . because it 's different . something new 
lol yeah i can get that . for whatever reason , even if you want to , sometimes things just seem like a lot of effort . or you know you 'll binge watch it and lose hours of your life . 	 haha yeah i tend to do things very lazily . but i have added alcohol tonight so i might just check it out in a bit 
oh i get the whole drama filled life lol it 's exciting . but it is usually depressing in the end 	yeah , i 'd feel bad for them in the long run . 
oh , i 'm sure you are . ca n't judge a person by where they live . 	haha you can but it 'd make you a jerk loo 
they lied to you . lol jk people have been recommending that show to me , but i 've been far to lazy to actually watch haha 	lol yeah i can get that . for whatever reason , even if you want to , sometimes things just seem like a lot of effort . or you know you 'll binge watch it and lose hours of your life . 
oh , they 're all over the place up north . so if you want to keep the image alive , you should only think about up there : d 	thank you for keeping the dream alive ! 
stick to the cities , you 'll be right .  but yeah i think the accent adds a lot . because it 's different . something new 	lol the city folk will eat me .  i always heard american accents suck 
yeah . is n't a hell of a lot of fun to not be able to do much . 	lol walking around town people watching is fun too .  hey aussie buddy 
thank you for keeping the dream alive ! 	you 're welcome . have to do my part to ensure people fear or country , considering the animals want to kill everyone . 
haha that . people think americans arrogant assholes lol 	especially the french . 
i think either i was drinking cheap stuff , or i just had too much too quickly . either way it did n't agree with me . 	lol did you black out or throw up ?  my basketball team lost and i killed 3 beers straight . i 'm pretty drunk at this point lol 
watch out , many gyms have a problem with members teaching other members while there . the reasoning is that they want you to pay for a personal trainer . 	i know , but , not the one i 'm taking her though . it 's a really small gym with no personal trainers . 
he can keep the stats but hide him from the site . 	what about match history of other players that were in the same game ? 
all my friends are high up and i want to be there too . 	well , keep playing , improve . 
does he really do that ? it seems like a lot of initial work to make hiding possible while that person still influences the mmr of others 	i saw an interaction between him and a user in this subreddit where he fulfilled exactly that request . 
does he really do that ? it seems like a lot of initial work to make hiding possible while that person still influences the mmr of others 	he can keep the stats but hide him from the site . 
how would you organize it ? where would everyone meet ? 	you could do some sort of hip chat where it 's online and all you need is a link and a password 
still too much explaining . i want to keep it as lightweight as possible . 	i feel like it would be easier than making a group for the same purpose . 
it 's almost always a bad idea to pick the mets to beat the nationals , especially with their respective precious series , but i appreciate the confidence 	i think degrom is pretty solid . i also feel the nationals wo n't rise to the top of the division until rendon returns so the infield is set 
ah now i know why it seemed vaguely familiar . i do have it in my steam library , but have n't come around to playing it . 	take some time from this weekend and play it . put on your headphones , dim the lights and enjoy the ride . this is n't just a game , it 's an experience . 
really all we need is someone to pick a bar . if we show up we show up . if not , beer . lurkers will go too . 	i am not from the area , but i would suggest you pick the one with the cheapest drinks . i use to watch the bucs in a dive bar with crappy tvs for the free food and cheap drinks . 
i hope you find people to watch the game with , i have a hard time finding people in a small town in northern alberta , canada lol . 	vancouver resident . i feel your pain . i just walk around and hope some random bar is showing it . 
i love stand by me , but i really love spanish harlem - i can close my eyes while listening to that song and be transported to 1960s new york city . 	it 's sad that i went to the drifters website and they have the current line up of the group , but no mention of the original line up or the groups history . 
tonight 's jam session my band and i will perform this song in his honour . we used to acapella this all the time on coffee house nights , gonna feel good to play in his honour . 	just learning how to play bass and this is one of the first songs i have learned . 
they were actually separated at the time and just waiting for divorce proceedings to go through . 	then why would her husband be the one to come for the loved ones reward ? 
i would n't mind if they did the race tribes again . i 'm aware i 'm probably alone on that one 	i actually think it 'd be a great twist for an all - star season if they had enough people they could bring back . 
the turret it made of paper , it 's almost funny how bad the b1 is 	the turret also happens to be tiny in a tier with poor accuracy on average , so that weak point is much less likely to be hit . 
yeah , the traverse speed on those things is ridiculous . i 've given up on trying to circle them - unless you 're already right behind them , they are impossible to circle . 	i 've been called a hacker for denying circling and a reload hacker for killing them too fast . 
perhaps i was . sorry about that . i guess my style of play and personality just does n't mesh well with that kind . my bad . 	no problem , sorry if i came across a bit rude in my comment .   
how come titles for this subreddit are the same as clickbait facebook shit ? 	because fuck you . it 's funny . 
leave it there as a warning to other spiders . 	i did nazi that coming ! 
that 's exactly what i have taught my kids to do if an adult comes up to them asking questions and puts their hands on them . i do n't care if it 's just a hand on their shoulder . 	i added a part about running away .  my daughter is 26 , i 'm sure glad i did n't have to raise her under these circumstances , especially being her dad . 
you do n't need a bed . remove it and you will have more space . 	i wish i just had a game room to devote to all my nintendo stuff . new apartment , maybe . 
their whole identity is based on hate . 	scratch the word identity , and replace it with nation . 
no . ask real german . 	i speak german . i have a university - level textbook on german grammar by my desk . people might not go around phrasing things like that all the time , but it is grammatically correct . 
i feel like it 'd be better if the hre was a tiny old man rather than a kid . he was 900 years old by this time and not very relevant anymore .  ya know , like britain . 	the sun never sets on the british empire ! at least , i 've never seen it set , it 's too fucking cloudy . 
tell that to your boss . i 'm not the one beeing rude in this thread . 	yes , you are a total jackass sry mate 
or you could follow another team and watch good football . 	do n't worry . a utah man am i . i 'm just saying i 'm more ok with paying football players than ga 's . 
i 'd like to reserve one for when you 're back ! 	sure , deposit a pokemon . 
i would also like to reserve one , if possible . 	sure , deposit a pokemon . 
i 'd like to reserve one ! 	sure , deposit a pokemon . 
i work at chipotle , so i live off of free meals . but yes , lots and lots of bong smoke . 	chipotle is the food of gods . 
by fraud , you mean customers purchasing and not paying ? 	that ca n't happen on amazon , i mean , they can , but you wo n't ship it , but they can return junk , or steal the stone and return it , or any number of other scams 
if that were the case , what steps would have to be taken ? a criminal charge ? 	honestly , i do n't know , i 've never been scammed on amazon before , but i know it happens , for most things it 's just a your shit out of luck , but for high value items , i 'm not sure 
that ca n't happen on amazon , i mean , they can , but you wo n't ship it , but they can return junk , or steal the stone and return it , or any number of other scams 	if that were the case , what steps would have to be taken ? a criminal charge ? 
i think it may automatically change prices based on region . 	it , does , but the difference between what the rough exchange rate is and how much it costs is stupid , i might as well buy one and have it shipped over here 
it 's hard because they have to basically do it through word of mouth , because most people who they need to attract to the show are n't seeing it . 	exactly . they would probably be better of as a completely web based promotion , putting 2 week old shows up on youtube for free and charging for current shows . 
tna has been good , it just really needs a couple years of consistency at the level it 's at now behind it . 	it has n't been truly awful in about a year . maybe longer . since the debacle with russo . 
everytime something wipes a frame you can use that to mask a cut . this type of stuff requires a bit of post work to get it to look right . 	oh , so if you pass a pillar or tree close up that can sort of mask the transition between two shots ? 
have you kept them in a hot temperature ? vg gets really thin when it 's hot . 	no sir , they 've stayed in a drawer away from any heat . they actually came to me that way , i guess i just did n't care enough to mention it to anybody lol . 
no i tried my own country , uk and us . none of them work . 	contact the company on twitter reddit ca n't help 
also work in private finance , and can also confirm . it 's an irrelevant interest to kraft and the company , and presents no conflict . 	so the sort of thing that honest people might figure out and then put the rest of the information up about once they noticed , yes ? 
that ball never re - entered play . you ca n't tamper with a souvenir . 	i believe that it could have re entered play later , in the unlikely event that they ran out of the rest of the balls for some reason . 
maybe . if i ever could n't pass an exam i just quit the class . 	that 's a good outlook on life , just quit when its hard . 
that 's a good outlook on life , just quit when its hard . 	well if that 's what you got out of my post you 're fucking retarded 
i hated people like that in my classes . they would always talk during the lecture and say how easy everything was , but never got higher than a c on the test . 	grades do n't equal intelligence . not even close . 
i got a 4 on a test once . 	what class ? 
pc master race ! 	praise gaben ! 
i do n't care what you work on . you 're an invader . an enemy . you 're the death of my race . there 's nothing else to it . 	what a pathetic statement , 52 generations back and you 're black you know 
what a pathetic statement , 52 generations back and you 're black you know 	stop reporting comments that do not break our rules . 
ill go to germany in a year or so . please be ready . can not stay here any longer .  disclaimer : this is a joke . 	hey , you can stay in my house . you can sell my family jewels for drugs and throw some of them into the river nearby . i heard that 's a thing that 's accepted in sweden . 
holy shit , looks like we will get some native as asylum seekers in the next few years . 	ill go to germany in a year or so . please be ready . can not stay here any longer .  disclaimer : this is a joke . 
mine stopped when it was done counting at like - 5000 	i exited the game when it got to 1500 . was kind of wondering how far it would go 
i really hope once his kids have moved out and he has spare time , he 'll come back . i guarantee he 'll be able to do whatever work he wants .  strange brew 2 : attack of the beer snobs . 	okay i 'll give him a call and tell him about your guarantee . i 'm pretty sure that settles it . 
but how can i do the tracking to get rid of the static on youtube ? 	just start with the quality set to 240p and . 25 speed and slowly change settings until they are what you prefer . 
did you really think that was funny ? 	no jokes allowed . people are sensitive . 
no jokes allowed . people are sensitive . 	jokes are allowed , so long as they 're funny . 
maybe we can get a sequel to space balls ! 	spaceballs , the animated series 
i just watched him again in ghostbusters .  i am the key master . are you the gatekeeper ? i ca n't believe how corny it was and how terrible the stunts were . loved it anyway . 	he should have gotten an oscar nomination . that was a great performance . 
where can i find one for sale ? online store ? awesome work 	right now they are in a few shops in austin . just started up this line . 
wow , that comment section is shit . glad i 'm not subscribed to that subreddit 	i just do n't understand how people could have - or even want to have - such vitriolic and vindictive opinions . i would be upset all the time if all that was flying through my head all day . 
it makes you think . with so many false accusations against him , he could probably rape someone and get away with it because the girl would be lumped with all of the liars . 	ha yea but you 'd have to be a messed up person to rape someone and i mean rape some not have sex with a drunk who wakes up the next day yelling rape . 
any hr worth their salt would n't touch her after the shitstorm she caused , why risk the company 's image in case she pulls something similar again ? 	the patriarchy looks after its own .  and sometimes others .  if our interests coincide .  or they have nice tits .  or we 've been drinking . 
sauce ? 	i would assume . there usually is some sauce in a can of spaghetti - o 's . 
it 's less offensive than what is considered art these days , like smearing feces over yourself and peeing on stage . 	or cunt - chugging expired spaghetti - os . 
it makes you think . with so many false accusations against him , he could probably rape someone and get away with it because the girl would be lumped with all of the liars . 	exactly . which is why false tape accusations are horrible . all they do is ruin the life of the accused and make life harder for those who are actual victims of assault . 
jesus fuck . is she gonna carry it into job interviews ? 	who needs a job interview when you can receive donations ? 
or cunt - chugging expired spaghetti - os . 	sauce ? 
i have n't seen her admit it , but i have seen her defending her right to continue her art project more than actually standing buy the accusation 	it seems she kinda set the accusation that now she does n't have to do anything but let everyone else push it for her ? 
who needs a job interview when you can receive donations ? 	if she put up a patreon for donations , i would laugh so hard . 
i honestly hope this is satire .  innocent until proven guilty , no matter what .  and he had proof that the instance she was crying rape over was consensual . 	and he has two other people accusing him of sexual assault . 
you said sleep but i read coffee , so i 'll get another coffee .  boop . 	just do n't drink coffee in bed . 
i do n't have a lot of sympathy for stupidity , or crack addicts for that matter . 	whatever . i guess you were n't taught respect for human life 
big loss , at least no one has to pay to feed this one . 	that 's a human life you 're talking about mate . and she had a family . what you said was pretty inconsiderate and harsh , which is why people are downvoting you . 
that 's a human life you 're talking about mate . and she had a family . what you said was pretty inconsiderate and harsh , which is why people are downvoting you . 	i do n't have a lot of sympathy for stupidity , or crack addicts for that matter . 
an asexual woman ? 	no , just a sexual woman in general . 
this is so incredibly untrue . maybe he has depression , horrible body image issues , medical issues , etc . there are lots of reasons men lose libido that are n't the fault of their woman . 	this is a fantasy . men want to hump . they will , often , lower their standards until they find someone to hump . 
no , the near extinction of american indians . you know , the people 's who 's land the white people stole .  edit : thanks for proving my point . i loled . 	oh . yeah , because manifest destiny was so damn important . definitely one of the more fucked up things this country has done . 
you 're talking about the holocaust , right ?   	no , the near extinction of american indians . you know , the people 's who 's land the white people stole .  edit : thanks for proving my point . i loled . 
and they play best - of - 3 series . 	it 's not even actually a proper best of 3 . if it 's tied after two games , they only play a 10 minute mini - game . really bizarre set - up 
it 's not even actually a proper best of 3 . if it 's tied after two games , they only play a 10 minute mini - game . really bizarre set - up 	oh cool , i never knew that , i just looked at it as winning a series 2 - 1 and thought it was a best - of - 3 . 
ok thanks , so even though its the finals i should be safe eh ? i plan on buying tonight or tomorrow so yea hopefully its good ! 	i could even purchase tickets for the previous game the night of and it was also the playoffs so usually you are fine . 
hey toronto . that 's how you win a playoff series . please follow the rock 's example . 	the key seems to be playing in leagues that only have 9 teams . 
nice to see flame getting a chance . was it his first game this split ? and man did he deliver . beautiful gnar ult .   	nope , got crushed with his in team in his first game . 
i did n't like the story and characters , but i loved the presentation and music . 	the theme song is sweet ! 
from what i hear , it 's dated very badly . but to each their own ! 	it not that it 's dated or anything but in reality people did n't realise how it makes little sense in it . 
i so wish there was a better quality video of this . what an amazing shot . 	there actually is on youtube , but i had previously posted the better version . 
 all non - story replies should only be made as a reply to this post rather than a top - level comment .   	and then drew carey gives them all 10 , 000 points . 
not always . but in this certain issue , it is . the economy has cycles and a too narrow view of a cyclical issue will lead to poor conclusions . 	i do n't think he 's looking at it narrowly . if i remember correctly , i 've heard him talk about how this goes back to the 1980 's . 
why not just type it over the top of a photo in an image editing program and then use that photo as your background ? 	because i do n't want to do that every single time i change my wallpaper . 
shit they did n't have black when i got mine . might have to buy that lol 	i 'd pay or trade 
i have an authentic and it 's plagued with quality issues . spinning center post , short post screws , and the barrel was scratched . 	yeah that 's crazy . the only issue i had with my clone is the paint chipping a bit and for some reason they painted the inside of the air control thing . 
love it . had it for a bit now and its great . if i was n't tight on money i would go buy the authentic . 	i have an authentic and it 's plagued with quality issues . spinning center post , short post screws , and the barrel was scratched . 
does anyone else think frank looks a little like kenny from the walking dead ? 	kill frank now . kill him now before he mentions boats ! 
oh and i just read what you wrote : i regret to inform you this is not that type of game that lasts 10 - 20 minutes . your time will best be spent looking elsewhere rather than complaining . 	but at the same time , i dont think most want their games to last 45 - minutes to an hour . 
i do n't think so . that 's like asking at the start of a movie if we 're going to revisit that set again later in the movie . just watch the damn thing . 	well , that 's , just , like , your opinion , man . 
i think he was asking whether the story or any side quests bing us back to white orchard . 	i do n't think so . that 's like asking at the start of a movie if we 're going to revisit that set again later in the movie . just watch the damn thing . 
op , i believe you need to add more of your own thoughts on this post or pose questions on the matter . 	why ? found a good book and wanted to share . are you not entertained ? 
youre telling me the asshole makes juices that aint shit ? 	yes , that is what i am telling you , because it is a fact . 
is it possible to get players like this in pro packs atm ? 	no , i got him from a flurry set a couple months back . 
tucking is handy and usually pretty easy once hrt gives you some shrinkage . oh so much shrinkage . 	four months till hrt , at my best estimate . my mom is n't so sure about it yet . fingers crossed for a near - ish time - frame . 
bermuda shorts are your friend ! 	high - waisted shorts will also offer more coverage sometimes and are really only a girl thing . they 're super cute . 
what color is the stock ? 	black - ish . i believe it 's the jg version since the body is not metal . i 'll see what other things happened to it when it comes home 
and you can not grow it back ? 	i heard it 's like chest hair , grows back longer and thicker ! 
kitten is much smaller than a cat . therefore they are completely different things , and you cannot compare them at all . 	i think a more correct analogy would be a kitten and a lion . the scale and price is completely different also the reasons behind getting said benefit . 
i 've been looking at your website recently . i used to do something similar . i 'm working on my resume and i 'll definitely send it to you guys when i decide what i 'm looking for ! 	sounds great . as mentioned before we often go through the resumes submitted before we even post a job . two people on my team made it in before anyone knew the job was coming open . 
how much did lost dogs run you ? 	i think i remember paying about 250 for it as it was open . 
of course . djinn are a statement of islamic belief . one has to accept them as a muslim . states it in the qur 'an .  should n't you know that with your super - knowledge ? 	just do n't care . god does n't exist ergo djinn do n't either . 
probably one of my favorite fits of yours my man . my phone took a while to render all of that texture lol 	thanks a lot friend ! and yeah , i kinda forgot and saved with maxed out quality settings . 
the colors are relatively subdued and i do n't really see how stripes make something flashy ? i thought the color combo works pretty well personally . what would you recommend instead ? 	it might just be because it 's paired with the light blue bomber , too much going on at the top ? p basic but i 'd go with a white t shirt actually 
sorry i do n't dress like my dad , i 'm in highschool , i want to have a little fun 	yeah man you do n't dress like a dad just straight shit 
it just looks weird behind the shoe tongue on the left side . a cuff might help make it work better . 	ah , i get you . yeah , i think it 's the half - ish break i have so if i walk funny enough i get messed up pants . 
god i hate the obsession with white shoes on everything . 	then add to the discussion by presenting an alternative .  or you could just bitch about stuff . 
i 'm diggin the hell out of this . what 's the white shirt you have as the first layer ? 	cheers man , it 's just a reversible basketball jersey , they 're always super long and the perforated fabric i thought was a nice detail 
mine was passed down to me from my dad , but i 'm pretty sure it is the valor flight jacket 	cool , thanks . 
they look too casual to me . also , too light . 	it depends on the formality of the occasion . i 'd say the shoes are fine if it is n't too formal . and walnut colored shoes with navy is a good look in my opinion . just my opinion though . 
i 'd really like some non black shoes here , such as stans 	hm , that 's interesting . might try out my pair of white mids . 
it might just be because it 's paired with the light blue bomber , too much going on at the top ? p basic but i 'd go with a white t shirt actually 	yeah , i guess the blue of the bomber is a little loud in itself so maybe it just does n't jive right with the shirt . i 'll give a white tee a try next time 
how do you deal with the laces on the bottom ? i have the same jacket and i feel they are looking a bit silly . 	made a knot at about half the length that the laces usually are and cut them there with a sharp scissor . worked out pretty well , they are stupidly long at first 
what kind of shoes ? 	all white vans sk8 - hi 's 
need a better shirt here , also not sure if the joggers and coat are a good match . 	yup definitely would change shirt but what 's your reasoning behind coat and pants not matching just curious ? 
looks cool . how frequently do you get your haircut ? 	i cut it myself . i 'm growing out the top , but i trim the sides every other week or so . 
yeah definitely do n't pop the collar . 	it made me look taller , and besides style points man ! 
seriously - was so glad i was able to catch them live last year , such a good show , plus a encore of joy division stuff . 	oh man if i could see ceremony live or disorder , i 'd die a fulfilled man . 
are those jeans black ? i 'm not sure i feel about them with the blue trucker 	not especially with the brown shoes either .  but they appear somewhat grey here so it is n't the worst combination at all . 
wallet 's fine , but try taking a step closer to the mirror and holding your phone straight , not at an angle . 	yeah that makes sense and i do have another camera so i try to take photos in different places still trying to get a good spot . 
i really like this , everything looks great .  i think wool socks showing would be real sweet if it 's chilly . 	thanks , i agree wool socks would be nice 
you sporting a bigger beard than usual ? looking tight ! 	cheers bud , i keep it around the two month mark , any more and it becomes impractical , as i 'm sure you are well aware haha 
you really should buy one of those fashion axes . 	what the hell is a fashion axe ? 
thanks man , i appreciate it . looks good . is the fur part removable ? 	yeah it is , but i like it better with it on 
you 're getting mad egg - like proportions from the side view that do n't happen in the front . 	pants - egg or jacket - egg ? 
are those petite standards ? 	naa . i 've actually been meaning to pick up a pair , just not sure what waist size to go for . 
damn and i thought my workout schedule was busy . after a couple days of commuting and crossfit do your legs feel dead ? 	not really - you get conditioned to the work .  the biggest issues i have is getting enough sleep and keeping my hips flexible for squatting . 
sweet , slams and wind magic have never been easier ! 	indeed ! we make it our job to make your games easier .  if you have any suggestions please let us know ! 
what kind of aid is this ? the kind russia sent to ukraine or real aid ? 	if russia sends that kind of aid again i will kick his ass . 
she was dismissed from camp and suspended from the national team for 30 days because she allowed her husband to drive the team van drunk while she was in the passenger 's seat . 	is she going for most controversial personal life of an american athlete award or something ? it 's always something o_o 
if it is one room , i would say faulty wiring or a breakdown of the insulation . call someone to come have a look , or turn off the power and have a look yourself . 	we totems of all of the power , luckily we had a small tester that helped out a lot , thanks ! 
he 's cute till he poops on the carpet 	i think you 're confusing a dog with a cat . cats are smart and poop in a box ! 
beautiful dogs , but neither are shelby 	i 'm not talking about shelby , i linked a video of my dog and someone asked about her leg lol 
go for a walk . pet a dog . make yourself fell like you are something worth losing . then find someone new who believes that too . 	thanks . i 'll try giving my dogs some love ! 
i 'm not generally a big fan of this style of videos , with heavy emphasis on visuals rather than raw gameplay , but this one is really well done . 	oh thanks man ! i 'll keep trying to do better and better ! 
if you 're traveling , acceptance is a big thing . try using your amex to pay in europe and you wo n't be happy . 	i 've traveled all over europe and never had a problem using amex . asia too . 
would n't it be more expensive than what i posted ? i mean , this considering that i have prime and get 2 - day free shipping . 	it would come out to the same price at most . but you would n't be paying scalpers . 
thank you , i totally agree . especially if he tells them we 're actually currently looking for a home in the area he sells in , which we are . 	if it makes him feel any better , i live in my in - laws back bedrooms with my husband and our 2 kids . we are getting into rent controlled housing next month , just until my career takes off .   
where can i find this beautiful creation ? 	the website is on the bottom , i 'll look it up when i get home ! 
i use either alcohol , or candy if i 'm hungover . sometimes alcohol when i 'm hungover , too . 	ca n't drink just yet , man . are they really gone forever though ? i mean , i was summoned as a shade . should n't they be in my friend 's world still ? 
do n't you ppl cook potatos irl ? 	well , sure . but in the previous version eating raw potatoes had no negative effects 
yeah , this is among the stupidest changes imaginable . it 's like nerfing breathing in the game , because too much oxygen makes you sick .  i hope this only survives till the next patch . 	i hope not . raw potatos should give at least a chance of sickness . they 'll adjust it to be more random for those of you raw eaters : d 
i have send the payment prior of you sending me your paypal email . 	received the key and activated it on steam . nice and smooth transaction . thanks . 
deposited lv . 1 male japanese bulbasaur ! sorry for delay . 	i 'll be home in about a hour 
it 's a cheap vaporizer . i can definitely see someone getting rid of it once they were able to get a quality vape . 	cheap , but not the cheapest . i think it 'll be a but better than my buddy 's old hot box . for the price though , i 'm happy . 
if you want a booty , the best lift to do is deadlift followed by squats 	my deadlift form is poor . ca n't quite seem to get my lower back out of the equation . 
just like they prob think a bagel or a muffin is healthy . muffins making you think you are eating healthy but in reality it 's just cake in disguise . 	muffins are breakfast cup cakes without frosting . 
alright thank you for your help . i 'll make the best damn bouncy ball and i wo n't stop till it 's perfect : d thanks everyone for your help . and getting me started in animation . : d 	remember , when you 're learning to animate a ball bounce , what you 're really learning is gravity and weight . you will use those skills in every animation you do .  good luck ! 
yeah ? i stopped watching after the breakout . was that the farm they burnt ? 	they burned it because steve did n't want to leave it for those who tried to take it over , because only he is the farmer . 
during ww2 , pretty much every country involved committed some forms of evil . we only hear about how evil the nazis were because they lost the war . 	also the allies did n't seem to massacre the civilians living in the war zone - japan and germany did .  internment camps arent as bad as death and concentration camps 
during ww2 , pretty much every country involved committed some forms of evil . we only hear about how evil the nazis were because they lost the war . 	japan lost too , you know . 
is the vegetable oil allowed on slow carb ? 	i use olive oil rather than vegetable oil . 
i 'm craving a warm bowl of my mother 's homemade chicken noodle soup with a tall glass of chai tea . i 'm not sure how well they would go together though . 	oooh , that sounds delicious ! although with the flu , i doubt you could really taste both of them : p 
haha does he say you look like youre 12 all the time or only when you wear your hair a certain way ? 	when i cut my bangs is when he started saying it again . 
i know . you would think after living my entire life in wi , i would have learned , but instead i feel like i have thicker skin and can endure it . 	well since your from wi , i give you a pass on forgetting your coat . 
oh hey , your personality is apparently very similar to mine ! : d 	if you ever wanna drink pink wine out of a box together , just let me know ! 
i love cheese too . what 's your favorite kind of cheese ? 	extra sharp white cheddar . : d 
you are super pretty ! 	that is super sweet ! thank you ! 
i bet you love playing fetch as well ! 	haha , actually he does n't . he does n't do fetch .  and i as an actual not dog human am not a fan either lol 
thanks ! i really wish i could ice skate and play hockey , it 's just not meant to be i guess . there 's plenty of other things that i 'm good at though , so do n't feel bad ! 	you 're welcome . you could totally learn to skate and play . it just takes a bit of time , but its so worth it ! 
what kinds of things do you like to write ? 	i have published erotica and theater scripts . i am working on a pair of young adult novels . and i get paid to write blog posts for peoples businesses . 
thanks ! i 'll be making a big bowl of chicken noodle soup tonight ! 	sounds amazing ! i might end up with some tomato soup since its sooo cold : p 
oh man ! i 'm excited ! 	how do you feel about farts , btw ? she 's a big , big fan of farting in your face . 
hey but that 's something that 's easily fixed ! some people have amazing recordings with great quality but they are terrible haha . you do n't have that problem . 	well thank you ! that 's nice of you to say 
holy shit , i ca n't even imagine staring death face to face . your grandpa 's a total badass ! 	yeah . ask me what he did . 
it is illegal . she stole that money .  she needs to provide proof that the shirts have been picked up asap or refund you your money . if not , continue contacting her bosses . 	and consider filing a claim in small claims . name the boss , too , if you are n't still working there . 
before small claims court , just let them know that you guys will be filing a police report . that will get the bosses interested , because it 's bad for business . 	i mentioned this in a comment above , but essentially this camp is n't private , it 's owned by the city , so that changes things a bit . 
i hate that too , do n't get me wrong . i 'm a big believer in justice , i just think that there 's a point where it 's just not worth pursuing anymore . 	true , but usually when you reach that point you do n't post on reddit for advice .  this is still an active issue for op . 
its not like its a medical or legal matter . you could explain your connection to the project and identify yourself as the designer . 	that makes sense , thanks i 'll try that ! 
your point may or may not be valid , but who 's an sjw here ? this conversation has nothing to do with social justice . 	true , its about justice , not social justice . 
that would actually work really well considering this camp went through a pretty bad scandal a few years back and they have n't fully recovered from that . 	ah ha !  seems a lot easier than a court case . 
i wouldnt be willing to rip my fingers off to avoid going down a staircase .  that being said , i think thats fucking awesome . 	yeah the way the drone was n't even stabilized as he tried to grab it made me anxious as fuck . 
does that change when its in a fund ? i dont hold any bonds individually 	no , a bond fund is generally just holding individual bonds . it will sell out of bonds that are getting close to maturity and buy newly issued bonds , but will have the same characteristics 
hook me up with some more man ! 	i wish i could ! only got one left . 
why do you assume there is no data ? 	because you do n't know who every miner in the world is and how they select what transactions to process . in fact , it is effectively quite randomized from the perspective of regular people . 
credit card fraud is often done successfully in person .   	yeah , because you do n't even find out it 's credit card fraud until possibly weeks or even months later . plus double spending is far more difficult than credit fraud 
this is exactly what i expected from the washington post . 	i have n't read washington post in a while . but i guess i was expecting a coherent anti - gun article . not a incoherent shit slinging article 
they look really good man ! im looking forward to more pics of your car  	thanks ! i am going to post another one in a moment when it is done being edited . it is only another angle though . 
no problem ! i thought verizon had a dev edition of the s5 with the bootloader unlocked ? 	yeah they do but unfortunately i have the retail version . so close haha 
i posted the story and some details as a reply to one of the comments if you wanna hear more . 	just read it and damn you 've been through a lot . how is your life and your mom now ? 
no i never did it to anyone but im sure its pretty funny . one of my older brothers friends pulled that shit when i was a kid and it was terrifying . all in good fun though 	it was terrifying . as a result , i have a higher tolerance for horror films . i am not easily scared . your friend sounds like fun . lol . 
wait . he did n't get in any real trouble for attempted murder ? 	yeah i 'm reading this wondering why the psychopath did n't get sent to an institution . i mean did they just decide losing his toys was enough of a punishment for trying to murder somebody ? 
oh man people pretending to be statues on halloween were the worst . hilarious as the one doing the scaring though 	that incident was not fun . you liked being a statue ? after that incident , i could not be easily scared . 
that incident was not fun . you liked being a statue ? after that incident , i could not be easily scared . 	no i never did it to anyone but im sure its pretty funny . one of my older brothers friends pulled that shit when i was a kid and it was terrifying . all in good fun though 
was n't that place radioactive ? needs must , i guess , but still a cost to consider when scavenging . 	i forgot about that . still , could be stuff worth having there . 
is it just me , or does the writer lose pretty much all of his credibility claiming that majora 's mask is the only direct sequel in the zelda series ? 	i guess phantom hourglass is not necessarily a must play ? 
hey man , it 's been awhile . i thought i recognized that username .  still looking at southwestern ? 	yup - very interested in their scale program . it 's perfect for me . 
yup - very interested in their scale program . it 's perfect for me . 	just read a bit about it . i 'm a huge fan of 2 year jd programs .  assuming you 're admitted , i would start networking with alumni from that program immediately . 
it looks amazing , and does n't seem to chew up too much more video memory , just adds some more contrast , like it had in the trailer 	it does look so good in your video , but i think i 'd need a newer machine , my laptop is decent , but my tower is older . mostly they are good for video editing and coding . 
i doubt he would turn into a da vinci even with proper practice . 	yea but with enough practice , he might be able to draw better than a 8th grader . 
wanna bet your unborn child on that ? 	yeah . i 'd win 
you 're going to be super bummed when the spurs drop to the 8th seed . 	they both get knocked out first round against each other . ref goes crazy and tosses everyone from the game 
and nph for taking a straight man 's role ! 	yeah ! how dare he portray straight men so well that when i heard he was gay i refused to believe it ! how dare he be a great actor ! 
but that 's the point : her character is a firmly established trans woman . she 's not actively transitioning , which is what this role is about . 	in fact , they thought it would n't be fair for her to have to play her pre - transition self but as luck would have it she has an identical twin brother who agreed to play that role for the show 
tumblr 's already in an uproar about it . course , i bet if a movie came out with a cis woman playing a trans man , they 'd be salivating over it and showering the actress with praise . 	boys do n't cry .  you 're thinking of boys do n't cry . 
yeah ! and curse bruce willis for taking away a role from an actual astronaut ! and christian bale for taking a role away from batman ! 	and nph for taking a straight man 's role ! 
rule 4 . all let 's play , vs , full play , rage quit , etc . suggestions must be posted in the weekly suggestion thread . 	actually , this is n't a game suggestion really . it would n't fit under that , as i 'm proposing a new show entirely . 
why do you want to order from the american site ? 	because they have the anti tee in stock and on the eu it 's sold out 
because they have the anti tee in stock and on the eu it 's sold out 	get an american proxy i guess .  how much is shipping to the uk ? i 'll do it haha . 
why would n't they ? using the cover of in the court of the crimson king as reaction face is a funny idea and very accurate in this case btw . 	it 's been my spray in tf2 for a few years now and christ it comes in handy . 
think you might mean jennings instead of augustin .  ive heard a theory about all the injuries . this is the first year of hgh testing . 	woops ! yah , i meant jennings , but also the fact that augustin just got traded away into irrelevance again . 
everybody i had drafted either got long injuries or got traded to a different team and stats went downhill . terrible fantasy year . 	this has been my season too . i won the first 10 games and my team looked unstoppable . now i 'm one of the worst teams in the league each week . 
fuck is it dumb of me that i actually tried this ? 	pretty sure everyone did i did n't though way to smart yeah 
it could be funny easter egg actually . 	yeah i tried it but i never expected it to actually unlock the real game , just maybe an easter egg . 
people do n't like being corrected . they take it too personally . it 's basically an unconscious trend to process things with more emotion than logic .  that 's why . 	wow , all those daggers in this line . 
fuck is it dumb of me that i actually tried this ? 	of course it did n't work .  the key was already claimed . 
i do n't think she thinks they 're guilty . she just does n't care and thinks the accusation is enough to deserve punishment . 	because giving humans the ability to instantly turn other people into convicted felons without any checks or balances is such a fantastic idea . 
pretty much . the rng for secondary objectives flat out needs to go , though , that 's the dumbest shit i 've ever heard of . 	yeah that would at least help for certain item drops that need the secondary objectives . 
you 're selling them for more than everyone else , simple as that . 	you 're right . looks like the price went down over the past few days . when i aborted the sale and reposted it , the default price adjusted itself and finally sold . 
beginners landing 101 :  landing gear deployed ,  belly flop on landing pad ,  grind it till you find it .   	step 1 : hover over the pad step 2 : become very familiar with your lateral thrusters the pro landing is no lateral thrust , no hovering , just coast right in . 
personally , no .  i heard it plays music when you dock though . that 's amusing . 	the reason i kept using it for the first few weeks , wish the repertoire was a bit bigger , that 2001 feel was a nice touch though 
how about you mail me a new graphics card because mine shit the bed literally 2 minutes ago . and i 'll email you the script and name a major character after you . i swear . 	dude just throw flying cheese into the game . 
dude just throw flying cheese into the game . 	good idea . it 's in . do n't believe me ? save this comment . 
how about you mail me a new graphics card because mine shit the bed literally 2 minutes ago . and i 'll email you the script and name a major character after you . i swear . 	i do n't have a graphics card to send you , but do you accept complements ? 
i 'm still holding out for louisiana . irradiated swamps would be so much fun . 	would be cool to see the south . however hope that there are n't a lot of inbred swamp people like point lookout . they were so creepy . 
you sound 12 an are acting so . 	found the kid still in high school . should n't you be working on a book report or something ? 
you have 3 nice tits wait , let me try again 	you have 3 tit mice .  fuck . no wait , let me try again . 
you sound hideous . 	10 doll hairs says that flew right over his head . 
pm me address . 	nice try , susan . i told you we were through and to stop trying to contact me . 
u need wait 3 months and u can buy the ice roshan for 3 - 4 hooks 	dc hook price increase confirmed . go guys , hoard 
get whoever you 're buying it from to tide it home for you . most dealerships or personal sellers will happily oblige . 	that 's what i kind of want to do , however my dad wants me to ride it home for some reason . 
getting the top comment in this post . 	only thing left to do is die . 
they only have the rights to make films based on lotr and hobbit . all the more reason why i expect a remake sooner than we might expect . 	nothing gets the rights to make a movie changing hands quicker than the potential to make a shit - the - bed load of money ! lol 
if somebody else wrote down the price of each card , i would love to calculate the ev of signing up now . 	if you look at the official rules you 'll see values of each prize . 
i 'd love to know the total of all these prizes they are handing out . anyone good with mtg finance to calculate that ? 	they give an approximate value for each prize , you do n't need to be a math wiz to punch them all into a calculator . 
they 're probably trying to incentivize pre - registering , which gives them more data about demand earlier and helps with logistical planning . plus extra hype , which certainly wo n't hurt . 	the hype aspect also functions similarly to a loss leader , given how many people will buy impulse singles or enter side events on a whim just because they 're there already . 
if somebody else wrote down the price of each card , i would love to calculate the ev of signing up now . 	they said approximately 35k i 'm not doing math for each individual level but if 10k cap is hit additional 35k in prizes adds 3 . 50 dollars to each player in ev 
how does that work given that it does n't really have a defined cash value ? 	they tax it as it was cash . so the estimated values on the site would be what they tax you on . 
the hype aspect also functions similarly to a loss leader , given how many people will buy impulse singles or enter side events on a whim just because they 're there already . 	oh totally , plus it increases brand awareness and might even influence people to pre - register for future events . positive buzz is a great marketing tool . 
if you switch the genders it still seems fine to me . i want a guy who is strong and content on his own , who wants me not needs me . idk , we 're all different . 	everyone is different and has a different approach to these things , which are grey areas anyway . 
i dig strong woman , someone to knock me upside the head every now and then . strong does not bitchy and petty though , some girls seem to confuse the two . 	a strong woman is assertive ; a bitch is a bitch . 
i 'm hoping we will do another meet at my gym in the fall . if we do , you guys would have a place to crash and dinner after on me . 	ooo that 'd be fun ! 
cut down your fat intake and eat a high carb diet . if you have to starve yourself to lose weight or body fat , your doing it the wrong way . the fat u eat is the fat you wear . 	please stop posting . 
between the buried and me - the great misdirection 	personally , i think colors is a much better album . alaska is great to 
mine gets hot too . i live in england so i just use it to keep my hands warm .  i think op has a sticky volume key or too . have you spilled anything on it . 	i do n't recall doing so . i 've always kept my phone in my pocket , if not my own hands . the only thing to maybe have gotten into the phone is rainwater 
does anyone here play storm and have a list they would recommend ? this just seems too fun 	if you want super budget i can send you my mono red storm list . it 's super consistent and easily upgradable to ur storm 
haha yeah man , i played it on the vita so i just touched the enemies so to lock on , but i 'm sure if you look at the controls you can find it . 	haha , are you shitting me ?  well , i was playing it on hardcore mode .  i would use the mouse freely , shit was hard as hell , and i loved it .  i 'm okay with this . 
whats the best support item to help vayne ? 	rather than specific items you should be focusing your build around the team composition . armor and health are key to a successful early game . just buy a sightstone ! 
rather than specific items you should be focusing your build around the team composition . armor and health are key to a successful early game . just buy a sightstone ! 	i was talking about starting items like a relic shield , spell thief or amulet coin ? 
ie is better than lw if the enemy team is n't stacking a ton of armor .   	yes that 's true but i prefer to build it accordingly to my w . 
i was talking about starting items like a relic shield , spell thief or amulet coin ? 	depends what support you are playing eg . an ap support would build spell thief 's edge , a tanky support would buy relic shield and a mobile support would buy coin . 
my opinion is he has a very punchable face . 	that 's definitely the point of his character . 
the contest is being put on by taipei 101 for taipei 101 . there are plenty of other photography contests that are n't put on by taipei 101 . 	other photography contests in taiwan ? 
very tough to rank , but after deep reflection , i think maybe 3 - 4 - 1 - 2 . maybe . 	sorry to disagree . number 1 gets the first going over . but after that , it 's certainly a difficult decision . what a wonderful problem to have . 
adirondack does great fruit flavors . tbd liquids does as well . 	much appreciated . do you have a favorite site that you order from and are happy with ? 
thus ends the reign of a legend . she was the only seahawks fan i could tolerate . i had no idea her eyes were so sexy . 	i want to say that the one where you can see her eyes was actually a picture of a date she had once . i vaguely remember her saying that on that particular post . sorry that got snuck on there . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	in belgium , we 're obliged to vote by law . and it 's always on a sunday . 
make it mandatory that an employer has to give the day off to vote . or an 8 hour window . 	that would also require the polls stay open 24 hours , unless you want to show up at the hospital and have nobody there . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	americans still would n't vote . especially on a day they had off . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	that seems like a better idea . making it mandatory can make people resent voting . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	jesus , have you been outside ? there are a whole lot of people who just should n't be encouraged to get near a voting booth . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	what about me ? i work in healthcare 
the only way the electoral college would address the issue at hand , though , is if the members of the ec voted however they want . i certainly would n't want that , would you ? 	no . i was explaining the reason the electoral college exists and how it relates to the discussion , not saying they were right . i was answering the question you asked . 
i like the idea , but i think the government forcing people to do something rarely makes them enthusiastic about it . 	you 're right . the government would only establish the necessity to vote , but the enthusiasm would have to come from the electorate . 
so you do n't like democracy ? because that 's exactly what your position means , you do n't think people should be trusted to vote on their own government . 	what a nice straw man argument you have there . 
this needs to happen .  also , the media completely ignoring or shitting on 3rd parties needs to stop . i guess in general , the media needs to stop with opinions and just report the news . 	even less people would watch . they watch the news for entertainment or to have their views reinforced . 
yes . you can home school or choose private schooling options 	i 'm talking about completely denying your child an education . of course home schooling and private schools are good options . 
the government tells you to do a lot of things already though . for instance , it is mandatory to go to school or it is mandatory to respond to jury duty . 	op 's not a part of this system ! 
 but you only get the paid day off if you vote . 	and then fine you if you do n't vote ! 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	early mail - in voting is much better . 
unfortunately , many companies will hassle you about taking time off to vote . they 're not supposed to , but as long as it 's not direct or in writing , they will . 	time off to vote is only required in some states , the rest they 're allowed to do whatever they normally would if your were late or left early 
not buying the complaint about giving so many people the day off , do you know how many four day weekends the armed forces receive ? makes the 60 - 80 hour work weeks worth it . 	that was such a great part about being in the military . 30 days paid vacation a year and days off on as many holidays as possible . 
not every state allows write ins . i know for a fact oklahoma does n't allow it . 	does oklahoma force you to vote for every office ?  californian here , you can always skip whichever ones you want if you feel uninformed . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	or take the sensible route and vote by mail . no holiday required . 
i think most states actually do n't recognize columbus day as a holiday anymore .  but anyways , i agree with you nonetheless . 	it does n't matter if the state does n't recognize it if the federal government does and banks get the holiday silly . 
so you do n't like democracy ? because that 's exactly what your position means , you do n't think people should be trusted to vote on their own government . 	i think he 's more saying that people who choose not to vote currently should not be forced to form an opinion , because it does n't help to make the results any more representative . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	in nz its just a normal day bit as a manager , you allow people am extra 20 - 30mins to go vote . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	how much money do i get for voting for hillary ? 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	require id to vote , like just about every other country and i 'm with ya 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	for the 100th time , companies do not need to give national holidays off ! they already are required to give time off to vote , holiday , or no . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	we just vote on a saturday . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	exactly . the idea of enforcing a mandatory vote is laughable . giving people the day off would be much more effective . 
haha thanks , i do what i can . just calling out the nanny state at work . 	what about personal choices like abortion , contraception , and same sex marriage ? seem like the dems would like to stay out of those issues . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	or just do what iceland does and hold it on saturdays and have the voting booths open from 8 : 00 - 22 : 00 , everyone should be able to get to voting in that time . 
you do n't . you need a permit to close down streets . 	well that makes more sense . it didnt say that all it said was a permit to protest on the page . protesting is just speech . closing down streets is a totally different story 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	that 's better than mandatory voting . 
what about just voting online . does n't this seem to be the most obvious solution . we can do our banking online but we ca n't vote . this seems fucking ridiculous . 	online systems can be way too easily compromised . we do n't want chinese hackers messing with our election results . 
maybe i am a scumbag , but i would honestly rather not have uninformed or uninterested people voting .  imo if they do n't care to vote then that is their vote . 	if it was forced populist politicians would abuse them , as they would not research or be critical 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	uhh no . it 's held on saturday in australia . all stores are still open . any one who is working either has to vote on their break or do an early vote . 
as for the convenience issue , just make election day a national holiday .  if we had to we could swap it for an existing holiday , columbus day comes to mind . 	columbus and mlk days can go away , i 'll take president 's day and election day . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	this is the answer . ballot by mail and auto registration too . we do n't need a new punishment . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	it 's not a holiday in canada , but you 're required to have a certain number of hours off to go and vote , if i 'm remembering right . turnout is still low though . 
 but you only get the paid day off if you vote . 	this is a brilliant idea . i 'm not optimistic it would pass because companies would fight this to the end .  also , stores would be closed and so forth like christmas or thanksgiving . 
republicans know that an influx of low - information voters would likely lead to more democratic wins . 	republicans know that their platform only serves a small minority of citizens plus corporations . they would be forced to serve the broader public , which is beneath them . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	and the government does n't take income tax that day . 
i mean columbus day is useless , so just get rid of that and add election day . same amount of bank holidays . 	great idea . we should probably call it something patriotic though , something with the world america in it . 
if we can give people tax credits for reproducing why not voting ? 	tax credits , you mean free money ? for fucking ?  what . 
all of the things you mentioned also happen all the time in countries where voting is not mandatory . 	here 's the solution : do n't give people options . make all votes write - ins . if people are too dumb to remember a candidates name then their vote should n't count . 
that 's a big part of how obama was elected . 	obama was famous because he was running for president , not the other way around . it 's not like he was a movie star like reagan or something . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	here in brazil its not a paid holiday , but the election is on the weekend . it works well and it is fair for everyone . 
i just meant move the actual holiday to what 's currently election day . who does n't want a tuesday off ? it would make monday more palatable .  would moving the holiday a big process ? 	ah i misunderstood you . i thought you meant move election day to the second monday of october .  yeah moving the holiday would just take a congressional change to title v of the us code . 
i mean columbus day is useless , so just get rid of that and add election day . same amount of bank holidays . 	the italian community would throw a shit fit . they love columbus day . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	except for retail stores , restaurants , and everything else that stays open on federal holidays 
who 's freedom are you taking away from not voting ? 	not arguing that people should n't have the freedom to choose whether to vote . the post i was responding to was just too simplistic . freedom is more complicated than that . 
why ca n't we just be able to vote online . log in using your name and ss number . it could be as easy as that . 	because a 4chan mob would be deciding your next president . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	why do n't they just do it on veteran 's day , or president 's day or whatever weird holiday 's ya 'll have . 
well , you do n't currently have fptp voting with the electoral college rather than a popular vote . and even a fptp popular vote would be more accurate than the electoral college is now . 	have you ever checked out how many elections differ from fptp popular vote because of the electoral college ? it is only a few .  we very practically have fptp . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	money talks . give tax breaks to voters 
make it vote by mail instead . i have yet to go to a poll , it is awesome . 	exactly . voting in wa is ridiculously easy . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	or have people be able to vote over a longer period of time , works wonders here in sweden . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	i mean columbus day is useless , so just get rid of that and add election day . same amount of bank holidays . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	if we got rid of columbus day and made election day a federal holiday , i do n't think many people would oppose . 
and you get a free ice cream cone if you vote . 	free hat ! 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	this would be one of those ideal situations when being a canadian living and working in the states would work to my benefit . free holiday ! 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	or have it over the course of a weekend . 
your assumption is that the people voting now are informed . 	no , i 'm just assuming that proportionally they would be less informed if everyone was made to vote . 
in my country i do n't have to vote , so i do n't . i do n't care who is in government , i know i should but screw it . so obviously i disagree strongly with mandatory voting . 	that 's fine , but surely you realize that 's a terrible argument against compulsory voting , right ? 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	its not a national holiday in the netherlands .  we just have voting within walking distance of pretty much every single home as well as on most larger train stations . 
and you get a free ice cream cone if you vote . 	i for one vote for the free ice cream paid day off thing . this should be every sunday . 
how many used condoms have you elected to office in this fashion ? the used condoms we elect gain office by much less transparent and democratic means . 	haha nah , that kind of shenanigans is not that common , but i heard it happened once .  they simply noneify the vote and that 's it . if you voted blank , that vote goes to whoever is winning . 
not going to jail isnt incentive enough ? 	the last thing we 'd want to do is put more americans in for - profit prisons . 
and you get a free ice cream cone if you vote . 	in russia there is cheap or even free food at polling stations . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	sure , i can work some more hours , so i can afford to give my employee the day off . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	canada does n't do that . we should , though . 
no , they are the same , there is no difference between them . do n't go to vote , vote none or blank have the same outcome .  when they are counting the votes , just the valid ones are counted . 	null lets you input a voting id , therefore you are still voting and the votes count toward whoever 's voting id you put in . 
if a faction can control education , then it is n't education . 	so you agree , then , a centralized schooling system controlled by the government ca n't provide real education ? 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	half day is enough , you could split up and give half of the employers the morning and the other half the afternoon free . problem solved ? 
my point is that the press loses any credibility when they portray hitler 's opinions as just as valid , morally , as ghandi 's .   	yeah , gandhi was a crackpot . 
no , it is freedom to be taken away . being punished by anyone for not doing what they want is freedom being taken away 	if i go and kill someone and get sent to prison for it , who 's freedom is being taken away ? me , or the person i killed ? what if i do n't get punished for it ?   
you do n't know that . and those people already vote , especially with president obama in the white house . look at 2010 and 2014 for evidence . the sarah palin people definitely voted . 	i 'd like to point that australia has compulsory voting and their prime minister right now is tony abbott . 
free hat ! free hat ! 	in the tropical isle with the coconut tree , the air is fresh and the people are free . but here in the mountain there 's no freedom like that . there 's a man in prison and his name is hat . 
and you get a free ice cream cone if you vote . 	but someone has to work in order to provide the free ice cream ! 
and you get a free ice cream cone if you vote . 	nice try , dairy lobby . 
what a load of crap . it 's about you not wanting more people to vote because you do n't want their opinions to count . that has been a conservative position for decades . 	taking this accusation at face value : why should we not try to limit the vote of the less - informed ? 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	so same people that do n't vote now can be rewarded for not voting ? makes perfect sense . 
unfortunately , many companies will hassle you about taking time off to vote . they 're not supposed to , but as long as it 's not direct or in writing , they will . 	i could be wrong anyone please correct me if i am . but i thought the time off to vote depended on if you work is in the same riding you vote in . which a sizable percentage probably do n't . 
what about just voting online . does n't this seem to be the most obvious solution . we can do our banking online but we ca n't vote . this seems fucking ridiculous . 	any platform for voting online will be heavily ridiculed , will be under fire from hackers , and will be manipulated . while i like voting by mail , i 'm kinda surprised it 's a thing . 
this is america . what public transportation ? 	i work in public transportation . lots of people depend on us every day . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	it 's not a paid holiday here in canada 
and you get a free ice cream cone if you vote . 	sugar industry is gonna love this . there should be at least options such as kale salad . 
ideally , cuts to the irs and other bloated agencies . 	please explain which cuts you are referring to , and how they would account for the lost tax revenue . 
maybe i am a scumbag , but i would honestly rather not have uninformed or uninterested people voting .  imo if they do n't care to vote then that is their vote . 	there is already uninformed people voting . the only effect i would see is that voting would be way more based on some one 's party then their opinion on the candidate . 
i think most states actually do n't recognize columbus day as a holiday anymore .  but anyways , i agree with you nonetheless . 	why not simply hold the election on columbia day ? 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	do this but do n't force people to vote . that will encourage turnout without fining the lower end . best solution in my book 
the government tells you to do a lot of things already though . for instance , it is mandatory to go to school or it is mandatory to respond to jury duty . 	exactly . performing duties to her nation are the debts that every citizen owes to her country . the price of freedom is citizenship in the nation that protects that freedom . 
as for the convenience issue , just make election day a national holiday .  if we had to we could swap it for an existing holiday , columbus day comes to mind . 	a national election holiday would n't help poor people to vote . i agree with many others here , that mailed in ballots , or even online ballots would be better alternatives . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	voting day should be on sundays , where the majority of the people do n't work . 
it takes 5 minutes to vote where you live . look at major cities where people wait hours to vote . 	look at washington where it 's all mail in and there are no polling places to go to . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	i work at a restaurant . i imagine that such a business will remain open on a national voting holiday , since we 're also open on thanksgiving and christmas . 
not literacy test . but would be nice if the voter had some clue as to what was going on . 	its called a literacy test even though it has very little to do with reading comprehension . either way , its not going to happen 
make it vote by mail instead . i have yet to go to a poll , it is awesome . 	much better this way because i can use google while voting . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	do n't get it off in canada . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	the problem with this is that we 'd have to create a law creating the entire concept of a national paid holiday . the us does n't have such thing right now 
its all good bro . try not to stress too much !  hope your day was better ! 	thanks . i 'm having a gin an tonic right now so things have improved since this morning . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	i agree with this , because nothing says freedom like mandatory voting . 
if voting is mandatory , why make election day a national holiday ? one method accomplishes the goal of higher turnout , the other just costs the government money . 	yeah , that 's what i need after working a 14 hour shift - a fucking fine for not dragging my beat ass to the voting booths . fuck right off . 
serious question , why do you not vote ? do you feel like your vote does not count ? 	electoral college . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	 but you only get the paid day off if you vote . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	why not just have mail - in voting ? works fine in arizona .   
what happens when if you dont vote , you go to jail ?  what happens when someone knows absolutely nothing about the candidates , do they just pick one randomly ? 	in other countries they fine you for not voting . in some places you can write in a candidate , so if you do n't like any of them you can vote for palpatine . 
as for the convenience issue , just make election day a national holiday .  if we had to we could swap it for an existing holiday , columbus day comes to mind . 	not all elections are held on the same day . not all votes are for candidates . some votes happen throughout the year . so this mandatory voting day would only be for presidents ? how quaint . 
you think forcing people to go to the polls just to cast an empty ballot is constitutional ?  why does obama think it is ? 	there are plenty of things we have to do as a condition of citizenship . compulsory voting would n't even be one of the more controversial ones . 
problem is , lots of folks still work on national holidays . especially fast food , retail , and call center employees . so , those kinds of people would be unfairly targeted to be left out . 	in australia you can apply to vote earlier and mail it to them if you 're working on election day . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	maybe make public transit free too . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	and what about those of us who work in emergency services ? we literally ca n't take a day off 
if i go and kill someone and get sent to prison for it , who 's freedom is being taken away ? me , or the person i killed ? what if i do n't get punished for it ?   	who 's freedom are you taking away from not voting ? 
funny how only one party calls them uninformed and lazy . that 's more telling . 	you have no idea where i lie politically . nice try though . 
 but you only get the paid day off if you vote . 	so people who are n't citizens do n't get paid and do n't get to work . i 'm not sure the immigrants will like that very much . 
or just do mail in ballots . no reason to waste a weekend standing in line . 	while i like the idea of mail in ballots , i do n't see how it does n't end up in fraud . specially for some important election 
and you get a free ice cream cone if you vote . 	republicans will not pass the bill . free ice cream is communism . 
if it happens either way then what the fuck is the difference ?  at least if we made everyone vote no one would be able to complain without having skin in the game . 	i believe that a person should have every right to do whatever they want as long as it does not cause harm , directly or indirectly , to another person . this includes the right not to vote . 
seems like the best thing to do is make election day a national holiday and have mail in ballots . that 'd probably improve voter turnout considerably . 	i agree . it 's borderline ridiculous that it is n't a national holiday . mail - ins can be subject to voting fraud , so i 'm not so sure how they 'd control that . 
lets get rid of the electoral college while were at it , obama . 	we need to get rid of first past the post most of all . nothing is going to change until we can get rid of the two party system 
this sounds like something a 3rd grader would come up with . 	most people 's knowledge of politics is n't past a 3rd grade level . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	getting a day off to vote is quite a ways off from requiring people to vote . i 'm fairly liberal but forcing people to vote seems kinda iffy to me . 
and free hats ! 	free hat ! free hat ! 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	most countries vote on sundays and it 's never a paid holiday . 
why are you limited to a republican or democratic polling station ? would n't that encourage intimidation ? 	they 're not limited . a bunch of those people would rather not vote than drive hours to the next place to vote for their candidate though making it an effective method . 
that , apparently , is when you vote the pirate party in . 	will they wear eye patches and is their true love the sea ? 
exactly . performing duties to her nation are the debts that every citizen owes to her country . the price of freedom is citizenship in the nation that protects that freedom . 	yes and my debts as a male are being registered for the draft and paying my taxes . 
 but you only get the paid day off if you vote . 	i 'm a british immigrant in the us that pays taxes , social security , and can do pretty much everything an american does except vote and run for president .  can i have election day off too ? 
politics aside i bet bush is pretty tough for an old guy . 	yeah but kerry was in nam so he has a bonus to his old man strength . 
or better yet , let 's take advantage of this global network of computers that we all have in every home in the nation . 	this is a great idea that deserves to be explored further , in my opinion . maybe just cut out the middle man and get rid of politicians ? idk 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	who the hell is covering that cost ? 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	a whole bunch of states already require employers to give you time off to vote . they still have low voter turn out .  next suggestion ? 
voting would counteract money in politics more than removing money from politics ? 	i think that the thought would be that since there is not easy way to remove money from politics , this would be a good way to diminish it 's effects . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	or make sunday election day , that 's what my country does . that tuesday rule is archaic and from a time when people travelled by horse , as far as i know . 
as for the convenience issue , just make election day a national holiday .  if we had to we could swap it for an existing holiday , columbus day comes to mind . 	labor day is the obvious choice . 
exactly . performing duties to her nation are the debts that every citizen owes to her country . the price of freedom is citizenship in the nation that protects that freedom . 	where 's my option to go sovereign citizen ? 
you mean forcing everyone to vote . that 's not democracy if you do n't have a choice . 	you 'd have a choice to spoil your ballot though . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	in the uk we work on election days . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	not every country does that , doesnt work like that here in the uk 
republicans like lots of taxes . just not ones that affect the wealthy . 	oh , the flat tax . i loves me some flat tax ! 
no one is forcing you to vote along party lines . 	the problem is that a third party vote is a wasted vote . no matter how much i might agree with a third party ideology . 
my point is that the press loses any credibility when they portray hitler 's opinions as just as valid , morally , as ghandi 's .   	are you implying that the gulf between republicans and democrats is comparable to that between hitler and gandhi ? 
why not simply hold the election on columbia day ? 	the constitution specifies the date of the election . we 'd first have to move columbus day to the first tuesday after the first monday in november . 
or better yet , let 's take advantage of this global network of computers that we all have in every home in the nation . 	this is my area of research for my master 's thesis . it would not work in the usa . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	why do we need a holiday ? make it saturday and save the whole economy a huge amount of unnecessary cost . 
why ca n't we just be able to vote online . log in using your name and ss number . it could be as easy as that . 	or by mail . did that for the first time last year and it was great . 
i think most states actually do n't recognize columbus day as a holiday anymore .  but anyways , i agree with you nonetheless . 	i guarantee you the courts do . when i was a legal courier we got days off that i was n't even previously aware existed . 
it is n't difficult to differentiate , it 's called a spoiled ballot . ca n't link ; on phone . i suppose it 's difficult if not everybody does that . 	spoiled ballots include those with mistakes , both candidates filled in , etc . a specific none of the above option is clearer and would be counted with the actual votes . 
that 's already all that happens in the us , people vote for the name the recognize or the party they support . 	what he 's saying is that kanye west could run for president and probably win . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	screw that , national vote mail system . we already do it in oregon , it 's glorious . 
the government tells you to do a lot of things already though . for instance , it is mandatory to go to school or it is mandatory to respond to jury duty . 	should we make military service compulsory while we 're at it ? 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	are you from the united states ? businesses are under no obligation to close during national holidays . rich people and union employees get a paid day off - everyone else works . 
election day should also be a week long , to cut down on the wait time , and a paid day off from work ! 	blah blah blah . just make it a federal holiday and supply more voting booths to each polling location . 
as for the convenience issue , just make election day a national holiday .  if we had to we could swap it for an existing holiday , columbus day comes to mind . 	day after thanksgiving . put voting machines outside stores , open them at midnight for the line - waiters . and leave them open for 24 hours . 
that 's already all that happens in the us , people vote for the name the recognize or the party they support . 	there 's a group of women that meet and pick the candidate that looks best . this has been happening for decades . 
it kindof defeats the purpose of political parties if you were n't allowed to know a candidate 's affiliation . 	you can know them . it just would n't be printed on the ballot . if you 're going to vote , you should at least be informed enough to know who you are voting for . 
and all those people would still have to go to work if it were a national holiday . 	i do most of my work in theater . i have n't seen a day off for a national holiday since before i started this career . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	even easier , in switzerland we always vote on sunday . problem solved . 
if we can give people tax credits for reproducing why not voting ? 	that would disproportionately affect the finances of the poor as a percent of income . it would come across as buying votes . 
if we can give people tax credits for reproducing why not voting ? 	because any tax credit has a bigger impact on the rich and they already vote . poor people who mainly pay consumption taxes wo n't have much of an incentive . 
australia has mandatory voting . their politicians are even worse than ours .   	we also have universal healthcare , education , a good minimum wage and no one is at risk of getting fired for exercising their right to vote . 
it takes 5 minutes to vote where you live . look at major cities where people wait hours to vote . 	weird how the number of voting locations is not controlled to allow everyone to vote within a 5 minute walk of them . 
electoral college . 	but president isnt the only item on the ballot . local government has a lot more effect on your daily life , and those elections are much closer . 
you mean forcing everyone to vote . that 's not democracy if you do n't have a choice . 	you are n't forced to vote . you are just required to turn in a ballot . 
and where did you get your education ? 	same place carl sagan did : public school . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	tbh that would be great but probably would n't make a statistically significant impact on its own . itd be the perfect counterpart to mandatory voting . 
and how exactly does he want to enforce this ? with fines like in other countries ? how will that impact lower income people who sometimes have trouble getting to the polls ? 	the fine comes with a paid return envelope requiring a vote or cash . at any point , they could just vote and make the problem go away . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	this would do it . voting is crucial and people need to have no excuses to do it . 
if we can give people tax credits for reproducing why not voting ? 	definitely a great idea . 
and all those people would still have to go to work if it were a national holiday . 	mcdonald 's and wal - mart ai n't closing for no godamn election . they might actually raise minimum wage if poor people voted . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	if you havent notice america is pretty far behind other countries concerning common sense ideas . 
if we can give people tax credits for reproducing why not voting ? 	this is a much better idea than a national holiday . 
if we can give people tax credits for reproducing why not voting ? 	because there 's totally no way that could lead to parties bribing voters with the promise of bigger incentives or anything . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	if this happens i 'm starting a vote brokerage . hello new tax bracket ! 
hmm . has there ever been a lawsuit in oregon that this is a poll tax since they only have vote by mail ? 	they also have designated drop boxes in many neighborhoods , so you do n't actually have to mail it . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	wow , is that not the case ? it never ceases to amaze me how backwards america is . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	canada does n't either . 
you 're not wrong . it 's sad how much they push voting in this country , yet how tough they make it on some people . especially , it seems , on the people voting might help the most . 	because they are not supposed to vote . only those with money are the ones they want to vote , if they could prevent everyone else from voting they would . 
voting is a right . meaning i have the right to choose whether or not i want to vote . making it mandatory takes away my right to choose . in my opinion this is completely unconstitutional . 	what if i told you that you are guaranteed a hundred dollars on your tax return just for voting ? 
they already do this ? is there not a list of voters they check off when you show up to vote ? 	in pa , you 're required to sign next to your name in a book before they let you to the voting booth and they keep track of what number voter you were that day 
wtf are you even talking about ? so popular vote system would ruin the united states ? how do you arrive at that conclusion ? 	please read my response to the last guy ; rural voters would become isolated . take away the electoral college and you take away the voice of the rural citizens . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	then of course , if you do n't vote , you die 
or better yet , let 's take advantage of this global network of computers that we all have in every home in the nation . 	i 'm a professional web developer . no . fucking . way . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	or vote by mail and make life easier for everyone . 
why are you limited to a republican or democratic polling station ? would n't that encourage intimidation ? 	i think he 's saying the city was red or blue . it 's illegal for voting areas to affiliate or for campaigning to happen x distance from the location . 
as for the convenience issue , just make election day a national holiday .  if we had to we could swap it for an existing holiday , columbus day comes to mind . 	word , fuck columbus day but would n't it have to be in november to trade ? 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	or maybe move voting to november 11 , it is already a federal holiday 
 but you only get the paid day off if you vote . 	and you get a free ice cream cone if you vote . 
doesnt work in brazil , money still talks louder . literally 	brazilian money has harry - potter - style animated portraits , and they yell at you if you try to spend them on anything illegal . 
whoever marketed whatever , usa for bud light would become the best political advertising agency in the country . 	since corporations are people , then bud light for president ? 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	australia holds their elections on a saturday . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	where does this happen ? we do n't do that in canada . 
county clerk is not mandatory - usually just general elections . 	when do you think county clerks are elected ? general elections . 
if we can give people tax credits for reproducing why not voting ? 	because what if one party says they want to increase the voter 's tax credit . now , they are essentially bribing voters . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	australia does n't , but we make it on a weekend and make it easy and possible to vote prior to the event . 
single - issue voting is the naive bit , imo . 	it 's not a single issue , though , it 's part of a systemic problem . 
which our benevolent overlords would obviously listen to . what is the last war you voted on going into ? 	that 's why people have got to start voting more . that way we can elect people who will do the right thing . 
if it happens either way then what the fuck is the difference ?  at least if we made everyone vote no one would be able to complain without having skin in the game . 	if you want to vote you can anyways . pretty easy to get skin in the game . 
what about just voting online . does n't this seem to be the most obvious solution . we can do our banking online but we ca n't vote . this seems fucking ridiculous . 	too vulnerable . that 4chan guy would rig all of the elections . 
best idea i 've heard in a while 	forcing idiots who ca n't even name the current vp to vote is not a great idea . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	canada does n't do this either . i wish it did though 
thank you . i did n't have to waste my time scrolling all the way down to get to the dictator comment . good job ! 	haha thanks , i do what i can . just calling out the nanny state at work . 
estonia has the advantage of their elections being essentially meaningless in the scope of global geopolitics . just think about how much china would like to influence our elections . 	so you 're saying that because it 's meaningless on a global scale it 's more likely for them to be lax with security ? 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	canada and uk definitely do not have holidays for elections either . i have lived in both of them . 
if we can give people tax credits for reproducing why not voting ? 	because republicans do not want everyone to vote . they want old people and poor white people to vote . if the rest of us voted , there would be no republicans in office . 
if it happens either way then what the fuck is the difference ?  at least if we made everyone vote no one would be able to complain without having skin in the game . 	policies will change , why the fuck have laws , or government in general ? the people policies affect will just die anyway . 
if we can give people tax credits for reproducing why not voting ? 	that is a brilliant idea . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	if any national holiday will shut down the nation for a day , it should be this one . i missed voting in the 2012 election because i could n't get off work to go . 
instead of a country ran by the rich for the rich , fuck everyone else ? 	can you find me a country similar in population to the united states and show me who so far has done a better job at managing their country than the rich people in charge here have ? 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	election day is n't a national paid holiday in canada , we only get something like three consecutive hours off work to vote . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	australia does n't do that at all , we just slap our elections on saturdays . 
what do you suggest then ? do n't just tear down an idea without giving another in it 's wake . 	why not ? you do n't have to know an answer to know that one answer is wrong . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	hey we do n't get this in canada either 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	and in our society . make an app that on election day will not allow you use your cellular until you vote . 
literacy tests were made illegal for a reason . horrible idea . 	not literacy test . but would be nice if the voter had some clue as to what was going on . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	oh sure , because people would rather go vote than just sit around relaxing all day . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	i hear more debate on making the day after the superbowl a holiday . 
so you 're saying that because it 's meaningless on a global scale it 's more likely for them to be lax with security ? 	no , it 's just less likely that anyone would spend the amount of resources necessary on hacking into the system than they would if it were the us instead of estonia . 
having voting be a tax break . republicans always love new tax breaks right ? 	a reverse poll tax ? interesting . 
reminder for anyone in nsw reading this : state election day is next saturday the 28th . do n't forget to go get your sausage sizzle . 	the reason why i have n't done a postal or online vote this year ! 
i agree in principle , but that 's easier said than done if you 're a minimum wage worker who is going to be screwed if they do n't assign you enough shift hours next month . 	yep , bosses have infinite ways to fuck with employees who are too pushy about their rights . 
serious question , why do you not vote ? do you feel like your vote does not count ? 	statistically speaking , if you 're a republican in ca , your vote for president does not matter 
show up and choose the 'i choose not to vote 'option ! 	as long as you mark it down on the ballot , fine by me . 
if there is to be a fine , then it would have to be coupled with a national holiday . i 'd be down with that . 	no . you can postal vote or attend an early voting centre before the election . there is no holiday in aus and we get fined mate . 
or better yet , let 's take advantage of this global network of computers that we all have in every home in the nation . 	no . the only secure network is a computer by itself . unplugged . 
if we can give people tax credits for reproducing why not voting ? 	people will think of it like they do obamacare . now , not only do i have to vote , but if i do n't i have to pay this fee on my taxes . 
i 'm glad you recognize the flaws in your statement . 	what would that flaw be again ? are you making some kind of argument or something ? 
sigh . so few people seem to realize that increasing the number of voters makes no difference when there 's still only 2 people to vote for . 	when 1 is significantly better than the other , it still makes a difference . you can vote while still protesting the fptp system . 
make it vote by mail instead . i have yet to go to a poll , it is awesome . 	i live in the uk and have a postal vote . some ridiculous percentage or people in my constituency vote by post . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	in australia , we vote on saturdays . no holiday , but voting is compulsory . 
as for the convenience issue , just make election day a national holiday .  if we had to we could swap it for an existing holiday , columbus day comes to mind . 	what 's wrong with voting weekend ? 
funny , since in australia , we have religious groups galore , but they do n't say shit about elections on saturdays . 	yes but you do n't have an entire half of your political spectrum that is run by christian fundamentalists . i may be wrong on that but that is my understanding 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	haha , we just had that conversation in my office . it would be a good place to start and see how that affects the voting turnout . 
the political process is a great thing and all , but it would wrong to force people to vote . it 's a right , maybe even a duty , but not an obligation . 	your arguing that compulsory voting would be bad because its not how we do things now ? so you 're against all new legislation ? 
yes they were . look at any of their policy beliefs outside of segregation .  from economic policy they were more liberal than liberals today are . 	so it is your opinion that racial segregation was not an inherently conservative political position ? 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	or you know , vote by mail for everyone . no extra time off needed , a lot less cost to the taxpayers , sane . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	police , hospitals , pharmacies ? maybe we need two day voting period where as all employees must have one of the days off . no counting votes till all in . 
and you get a free ice cream cone if you vote . 	you joke , but in south africa , a large chain restaurant famous for their coffee gave everyone who voted a free cup 'o joe . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	i do n't understand why in this day and age it and be on a saturday firstly , a defensive secondly if you are working you should have your voting time off mandatory 
mandatory voting bro . we 're not just talking about giving people a day off work . 	if voting is mandatory , why make election day a national holiday ? one method accomplishes the goal of higher turnout , the other just costs the government money . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	you ca n't take our voting right seriously when you only an hour before or two hours after work . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	canada does n't have that but employers are required to give paid time off to vote . but not a whole day off . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	australia here , election day is usually on a saturday . grab a snag off the barbie out front and then vote some bloke . 
if we can give people tax credits for reproducing why not voting ? 	i like the cut of your jib . 
in australia you can apply to vote earlier and mail it to them if you 're working on election day . 	here too , that 's why i think it 's so silly that folks think a voting holiday would fix things . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	if you can guess which of our two political parties would start nuclear war to fight this , you get a gold star . 
being a free individual does n't remove your responsibilities that come from citizenship . jury duty is one , and voting should be another . 	the nazi youth said the same thing about herding jews . this is one more step towards american fascism from the mouth of a tyrant . 
they assume early votes would have a similar distribution to that on election day , so unless the voting is close there 's no need to even bother with them . which is likely true . 	how far away are your election polls ? mine has always been within walking distance , and i 've lived all over this country . 
and you get a free ice cream cone if you vote . 	australians already get a free sausage sanga on election day . 
maybe it would be better if we only allowed people to vote if they pass a test that shows they understand the basic fundamentals of how their government works . 	yes . there is enough uneducated voters as it is , can you imagine how much worse it would become if everyone voted ? i would n't feel comfortable with that . 
what about all the people who work on saturdays ? 	they have to be given a window of time off so they can go vote . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	well . it is not like that in canada , but i get your point . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	wish australia was part of this every country . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	if we can give people tax credits for reproducing why not voting ? 
 but you only get the paid day off if you vote . 	part time would make it not work but i love the idea ! 
make election day a national paid holiday . having to miss work is the most cited excuse for failing to vote . 	even on national paid holidays people work . gas stations , restaurants and supermarkets just to name a few . just as many of those employees do not vote as any other job . 
do you have a good source for that argument ? i 'm just curious 	just look at any recent election . ads target people who are ignorant of the issues . you are n't going to see people who closely follow politics vote off of an ad . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	canada does n't do this so it is n't quite every country 
serious question , why do you not vote ? do you feel like your vote does not count ? 	if you do n't live in a swing state it does n't matter much really . 
mandatory voting bro . we 're not just talking about giving people a day off work . 	and you do understand that a federal holiday does n't usually impact the people that have the most difficult time going out to vote right ? 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	i work in the service industry . i would love to see restaurants close on a national holiday . please . seriously . just one . 
doesnt work in brazil , money still talks louder . literally 	works fine in australia , which politically and culturally has a lot more in common with the us . 
the campaign ads that run now are pretty bad , could you imagine the campaign ads that would run if voting was mandatory , their content and targeted audience ? 	yeah , if anything we 'd see politicians spending more money to pander to the people who only get their political information from ads on tv , billboards , etc . 
so what about hospitals , police , fire , electric company workers , gas stations , food kitchens , pharmacies , dentists , natural gas providers , and other essential services ? 	they work in shifts . once your shift is over you go vote . or do mail ballot voting . 
perhaps he 's arguing it should n't be happening at all . period . not just when it comes to voting .   	by that logic , we should get rid of the entire justice system . 
i think the real issue here is motivating citizens to actually put forth the effort and show up , not necessarily to make a choice once they 're already at the booth . 	freedom is n't free 
 but you only get the paid day off if you vote . 	this would work . get a voting stub as a receipt 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	or , instead of a national holiday , why not have more than one day for voting ? 
just fill the ballot in wrongly . no one can force you to vote , they can only force you to go to the polling booth , and if you want to go and throw your vote away at that time then go ahead . 	still forcing me to leave my home , still forcing me to participate even by spoiling my ballot . no , compulsory voting is making something mandatory that only makes sense if it 's voluntary . 
yep , let 's close the emergency room and kill every in icu while we are at it . 	conflate much ?  for those whose work makes it difficult for them to vote , mail in ballots would likely be the solution . 
all of the things you mentioned also happen all the time in countries where voting is not mandatory . 	i do n't think the latter two would be a real possibility in a presidential election or voting on representatives , or anything federal . 
whoever covers the cost of every other holiday ? 	so us employers now have to pay a few hundred million people for an extra day off ? nah . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	this is the real answer , but then again more blue collar people would vote . would n't want that 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	canada does n't get the day off . 
it takes 5 minutes to vote where you live . look at major cities where people wait hours to vote . 	that 's his point . the actual physical act of filing out a ballot does n't take long . we should focus on eliminating hour long lines . 
yes , and it 's a huge problem . i did n't vote for any of it , and do n't care to . 	you do have options and slashing a box on an envelope is really petty to be hung up over in the long run . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	making it a holiday will not get people to vote . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	or just do early voting so the country still moves on and you can stop by when it is convenient . 
yep , bosses have infinite ways to fuck with employees who are too pushy about their rights . 	yup . i just had to talk to every level of management at my job and explain why i wanted to be paid for being required to come in early . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	not the case in canada , everyone still goes to work that being said your work is required to give you time to vote during your shift . 
barring a revolution , stv will still deliver us monkeys in this political climate . 	it 's hard not to choose a monkey if all the options are monkeys . 
if we can give people tax credits for reproducing why not voting ? 	it would probably be cheaper to do this rather than closing down the government for a day as well . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	this is discussed a lot on reddit . i believe voting in hawaii is on a public holiday and there is no impact on turnout 
so why is no one backing an alternative vote system ? 	if you 're going to make a change , might as well go for something better like a proportional representation system 
all countries where rupert murdoch owns the majority of news outlets ?  there is your problem . one guy is really deciding our elections . 	out of all the shit out there in the world , this guy is the only person i am terrified of . unstoppable power and he already has everything , wtf is the point besides just screwing people ? 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	in south africa election day is a public holiday . you get paid leave but you can force your staff to work , in which case you have to pay them double wages for the day . 
as for the convenience issue , just make election day a national holiday .  if we had to we could swap it for an existing holiday , columbus day comes to mind . 	make it vote by mail instead . i have yet to go to a poll , it is awesome . 
you mean forcing everyone to vote . that 's not democracy if you do n't have a choice . 	if you do n't want to vote for either option you can still make your ballot invalid . 
australia does n't do that at all , we just slap our elections on saturdays . 	i ca n't remember what the go is for the federal election , but for the upcoming nsw state election , you can apply to postal vote or vote online if you have to work all day , too . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	or do what australia does and always make it a saturday , as well as have early polling booths and postal votes if you 'll be away on voting day . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	they should heavily tax campaign donations and out that money to this . 
make it vote by mail instead . i have yet to go to a poll , it is awesome . 	til some people still have to vote by physically waiting in line in the us . yay washington and all vote by mail . i can google you while voting in my kitchen . 
sprinkles are for winners . 	can i be a winner ? 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	thank you ! i did n't vote this year , because between school and work , i just could n't make it . and no , i was n't eligible to vote beforehand , i checked . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	pretty sure canada does n't either that would be nice 
sigh . so few people seem to realize that increasing the number of voters makes no difference when there 's still only 2 people to vote for . 	where do you live that there are only two people to vote for ? on my last presidential ballot i had no less than half a dozen candidates to decide between . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	what about hospitals and police stations and other things that need to stay open ? 
problem is , lots of folks still work on national holidays . especially fast food , retail , and call center employees . so , those kinds of people would be unfairly targeted to be left out . 	make it mandatory that an employer has to give the day off to vote . or an 8 hour window . 
if you require clowns to vote , they 're gonna vote for clowns . 	i 've never found a clown shortage in us politics . did we make voting a requirement already ? 
as for the convenience issue , just make election day a national holiday .  if we had to we could swap it for an existing holiday , columbus day comes to mind . 	they are not real statutory holidays though , many lower income people do not get that time off . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	wait , are n't the election days in weekends ? do n't tell me us elections last only one day and it 's during the work days ? 
make it vote by mail instead . i have yet to go to a poll , it is awesome . 	or better yet , let 's take advantage of this global network of computers that we all have in every home in the nation . 
i refuse to vote and will never support any sort of compulsory voting legislation . 	why ? what 's the problem with checking your name off the list and depositing an empty ballot ? 
maybe make public transit free too . 	in this case it would n't be running because everything is closed so everyone can work . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	except hospitals , i 'd like those to stay open plz . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	or vote by mail . i do n't need a day off to vote , i 've usually submitted my ballot a week before election day . 
meanwhile in australia they do n't have any such problems with mandatory voting .  your problem is with brazilians , not mandatory voting . 	australia elected tony abbot . they have plenty of problems with voting . 
so we get what we deserve ! but the type of system i imagine would n't punish people for submitting blank or partially blank ballots . if you 're unsure , leave that part blank . 	then why show up if you 're just going to leave the ballot blank ? how are you going to enforce that law if people who show up do n't vote anyways ? 
yep , let 's close the emergency room and kill every in icu while we are at it . 	we can do what hospitals do for the two holidays , have two days for voting and require the people who have voting thanksgiving off work , to work on voting christmas . 
waiting for e - mail ballots . i can sign my tax return online , why ca n't i vote online ? 	no good reason not to , other than a very entrenched bureaucracy filled with old white men who never send emails . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	australia does n't do this we have mandatory voting and it blows 
the only problem with having a week 's worth of voting is that if on candidate takes an early lead , it can discourage people from voting later in the week . 	fair point , but i 'm sure we could work around that . maybe reporting does n't happen until polls are entirely closed ? and something to dissuade exit polls ? 
and you get a free ice cream cone if you vote . 	this would cost between 0 dollars and 350 million dollars , assuming they buy the icecream from mcdonalds for a dollar a cone 
death ! life in jail ! but i prefer fines or community service , being a rather libertarian individual and all . 	um , last time i checked libertarians are against mandatory voting , they are for liberty for the individual , forcing them to vote breaks the non - aggression principle . 
it 's that in this day and age we ca n't manage remote voting . i realize internet voting would be very tricky , buy there 's got to be a way to make it possible . 	i lived in florida when they tested digital ballots in the bush election . it was very corrupt . 
as for the convenience issue , just make election day a national holiday .  if we had to we could swap it for an existing holiday , columbus day comes to mind . 	let people vote by mail like in oregon too . 
just like that ? they just swapped ? the republicans went from starting a war to end slavery to being pro - slavery ?  or not . 	lbj signed the civil rights act and the south went red pretty much overnight . 
the electoral college was a stupid idea to begin with . 	no it was a great idea 200 years ago when it was much harder to gather all of the votes . now , it 's just an obsolete system . 
incentive plus mandatory . have huge america voting day bbq . feed the people . people do n't understand how easily food can manipulate some . 	i could get behind that . november may not be optimal for a bbq in some states , but i 'll brave the cold for some brisket . 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	does n't happen here in australia and its compulsory here 
this needs to happen .  also , the media completely ignoring or shitting on 3rd parties needs to stop . i guess in general , the media needs to stop with opinions and just report the news . 	what ? you mean just tell the story like with facts and stuff ? no way that 's absolutely crazy ! never gonna happen . 
lets get rid of the electoral college while were at it , obama . 	i would be even ok with the split vote electoral college as some states already do . 
if we can give people tax credits for reproducing why not voting ? 	that 's actually how australia 's voting system works - and they 're compulsory . 
 but you only get the paid day off if you vote . 	it wo n't work for permanent residents . 
it 's a great idea whether you vote or not . plenty of good ideas do n't help people who do n't take advantage of them . seat belts . flossing . wearing a condom with a one night stand . 	obama trying to get the minority vote to his party . interesting enough right after he offered amnesty to millions . nice play 
do what every country but ours does make election day a national paid holiday , close everything . 	movie theatres would still be open . we never close . 
we would n't have this problem if election day was just a fucking holiday . 	but then actual taxpayers would vote . we cant have that ! 
or you could look at there voting record that is available publicly , its not that hard . 	you do understand that most elections involve dozens of candidates and several ballot questions , right ? it 's not just voting for the president and nothing else . 
all countries where rupert murdoch owns the majority of news outlets ?  there is your problem . one guy is really deciding our elections . 	two cock brothers who apparently hate the world . 
breaking news : netanyahu is a lying sack of shit war criminal .  related story : israelis overwhelmingly vote for his message anyway : truth revealed at all levels . 	old news my man , old news . even in romania we acknowledged that long time ago . 
i spent 40 years defending israel , but if netanyahu is their man , i do n't care if they are driven into the fuckin sea . 	that is a bit extreme . 
does n't that echo only to console . i like your sound idea but i 'd still have the problem of forgetting it 's disabled if it 's disabled . 	if you have developer 1 enabled , it displays in the top - left corner too 
top level comments are comments that are not replies to other comments . non top level comments would still be 100 characters . 	still , even in top level comments the examples i gave and others are often the case ; also this very comment thread has a top level comment of just 122 
still , even in top level comments the examples i gave and others are often the case ; also this very comment thread has a top level comment of just 122 	we do n't even allow those type of top level comments when posts are tagged with in depth now . 
as for ps1 , all ps3 models are fully backwards - compatible with ps1 games . n64 just looks like shit on anything modern . 	thanks for the info , and yeah , i heard n64 looks blurry and shit on modern tvs .   
why rusty rebel ? i heard it has to be a car . is there something special about it ? 	it 's the cheapest car you can buy . you can use any car , but you have to subtract the price of the car you buy from the sell price of the car you 're duping so as to minimize that cost . 
the furthest i can get is the teleport to the car . it never goes to the garage though . either that or i go to the garage and never even make it into my car . ugh . 	same here . it worked once but since has just been doing the exact same things you describe . 
yeah it seems to waste more time than it 's worth . does n't seem to work for me either . 	do n't quit yet . just got a hold of it . 3 times in a row now .  keep at it . 
i can but once i get in the car does n't start . 	do you enter the garage when you get in it ? 
you ca n't get in it when the engine catches fire ? 	i can but once i get in the car does n't start . 
it 's hated not because of broken interactions , it 's hated because it do too small damage and because it blow you up if you shot too much bombs . 	if at least it threw mini - bombs it would be consistent , which is something i really like in games . 
these remind me a lot of the fear 4s . beautiful shoes man . 	honestly , imo the fear iv cw is one of the best on any retro shoe 
why ?  why make a 12 , 000 mile road when flying is quicker and cheaper ? seems like a waste of money and a bad idea . 	towns and cities spring up along the highway . development . siberian railway did much to fortify russian holdings in the far east . 
tacoma . but if you can , wait a bit longer for the 2016 's to come out if you want the newest truck out there . 	yea i was thinking about that and was seeing the pics and it looks super cool ! 
is she asian ? 	nope , white . 
hola is an extension for chrome that works great in the us . 	is this safe to use ? been a frequent user of hola unblocker before , but now i do n't have the courage to reinstall it 
additional tip : when the dragon destroys the cannons , they will blow up and do big damage to anyone near them . 	ah , so that 's what kept killing me . i tried to get out of the aoe and then off the cannon but it did n't seem to make a difference so i suppose i was standing too close . 
i 'm awaiting my check in the mail for babysitting seven mentally challenged individuals for an hour .  duty finder is not your friend for this . 	must have been lucky . i rushed to this trial right as patch came up and cleared it on third try with a df group . 
the cannon stuns are for interrupting the turtle adds like you do for the second boss in sv hm . 	tank can also stun this , not much point wasting the damage from the cannon . 
did they keep the same amount of scope sway while walking ? that 's really fucked up if yes . 	the amount of scope sway is directly related to your current move speed , so it does sway less than before . still a completely unnecessary and uncalled for nerf imo . 
running while scoped with and awp slows you down to 100 speed now , holding shift still keeps you at 100 making shift walking useless whilst scoped . 	it 's a bug if you stop for a second while holding shift you will start walking the next time you move . 
tec9 is fucking ruined now . lame . 	its still broken as fuck . like every pistol in this game . 
i can tell you now , the mp7 is going to destroy folks . you heard it here first . it was already a damn decent weapon . 	i agree . i tried it in a game earlier and was getting my shots on target whole running . pretty much the new tec - 9 without the effort of multiple clicks . 
i think it still has to be a redline . if not you would be making a shit ton of money . 	how ? you ca n't trade it away and keep them . 
ignore how tagging still favors pistols over rifles . 	not at all . did you read the patch notes ? 
does it have any difference for normal mm players even if it 's in reserve ? 	less people will queue for it , meaning longer wait times . i expect a significant drop , considering a ton of mm players just select all the active duty maps . 
that price boost on the m4a1 though , crazy how it was initially 200 cheaper , now to being more expensive . 	yeah i might just switch back to the a4 . the trade off is good when it 's the same price , but being 100 dollars more just tips me in the opposite direction . 
well guys it 's been fun time to buy cod 	bye . 
i dont know , 24 is still a huge clip for a single shot weapon , but i 'd assume the damage drop off is pretty decent on it that they just added 	yeah also they decreased tagging which helps a ton . 
catch is traded up item is said to being neither marketable nor tradable - so i 've read , needs confirmation 	i 'm talking about st weapons that were either unboxed or bought from the market to be re - sold . 
is pre patch walking faster or slower than running now ? 	slower than running but i think it 's as fast as you would move aimed in pre patch . essentially pressing shift makes the awp change irrelevant . 
tec9 is fucking ruined now . lame . 	tec9 not ruined at all , still op as fuck . 
 suppressors can cost anywhere from 150 - 1k usd . but these guns have a different play style with them . it made absolutely no sense . when it was 29  	lol a full auto a1 - s also only would cost less than 1500 
and it 's a one hit kill at any range along with a scope . do n't try to use shitty comparisons 	and the m4a1 is a 2 hit kill at any range . each gun can kill 10 people with 1 clip 
correct . want that hot new skin in the next operation ? buy it and do n't lose your stattrak kills 	wow thats totally amazing !  im glad they spent their time coding that , the game was literally unplayable without it . 
took me 4 minutes to find a game when it was in active duty , lol . 	it was like 2 mins max . just search for it only . 
someone needs to drill this in the heads of csgo devs . why do they try to change whats not broken ? no one ever complained in 1 . 6 or css about it anyway . 	because skins . there is no recovering from separating the two models by this point , there is too much value in the skin market to make any changes . 
yeah the market is going to be incredibly unstable for a while . high end st item prices will drop and low end st item prices will rise . 	do you think it will drop again ? i 'm thinking about selling my st nova but i would like to buy it back sometime on lower price . and i do n't know what to do 
if i 'm spending 3200 i deserve a bigger mag size valve 	buy the m4a4 then ? 
interesting , glad it has been found quickly . 	now we just need to wait a few weeks for valve to fix it ! 
nuke is still there is n't it ? post says it is 	its still in the game , just in reserves group 
get 100000 kills with negev . swap to knife 	only works with the same type of weapon . 
less people will queue for it , meaning longer wait times . i expect a significant drop , considering a ton of mm players just select all the active duty maps . 	inb4 cobblestone is now most popular map . 
lol , brace yourself , the mac - 10 rushes are coming 	i 'm in low silvers . there been in full swing since i started playing . 
oh boy , here comes the price changes 	damn , low - valued weapons are already 4x their value . 
so as of now its just some coding behind the game ? no use to players ? 	yes . sorry for late reply . 
the balance in 20 bullets is that you ca n't stop rushes of more than 2 players and you ca n't spam .  there is zero reason to increase the cost of the a1 . 	you 're lem and you ca n't kill more than 2 people with 20 bullets ? play angles . fall back and reload when you need to . if it 's a rush call it out and fall back and shit . 
not always bro , in some places taking out an awp with a rifle is an impossible task without smoking him out . 	and this update doesnt change that . what it does do it give a huge advantage to defensive players holding off angles . 
i was thinking about this , wonder how much the movement is now 	try it ingame and run mid as t with awp like u always did .  no way u gonna peak there anymore : d 
im not saying it is fixed , have to play a bit before i can talk about the effectiveness of the changes , but you said there were no changes to pistols which is not true 	other pistols , by name , still have broken stats . there were no changes to other pistols , to my knowledge . 
nuke is still in the reserve column . its just , not active duty . whether people will que jt is the question 	i can answer that question for you . they will not . 
because newbies hate the awp and tend to be very vocal about how op they feel it is . 	i 've been playing cs for a long time and i still do n't like the awp . can ya let me know why it 's considered skillful ? it 's a one hit kill basically always . 
so it 's not longer as viable as an aggressive peeking weapon ? 	t side awping is pretty meh now . this change promotes really passive play . 
if they do that what would happen to all the skins that were bought for those weapons ? 	just have an option to use either the a1 or the a4 skin . they 'll be the same gun , just you 'll be able to change between the appearance . 
did volvo lower the rate of phoenix cases dropping ? 	i 've had 4 pheonix case drops in the last 8 days alone . so i doubt it , just random .   
i ca n't start up the game atm , but are we now able to smoke off b - doors from elevator ? 	no , the skybox above ct was n't changed . 
i can tell you now , the mp7 is going to destroy folks . you heard it here first . it was already a damn decent weapon . 	it was extremely underrated and my go to smg . i am happy as hell . 
sometimes i feel like i 'm the only person that likes jump - scouting . 	that 's the sole reason i use it and i feel like i 'm not alone . i mean it makes it more appealing does n't it ? 
technically the a4 has waaaaaay more damage , if you count all the extra bullets 	technically you only need 10 bullets to win the round , or only 0 if everyone kills themselves 
when you list them like that they look all pretty . when you look how they did it you want your money back from buying a game called cs theyre trying to turn into a cod . 	yeah , except that 's not what they 're trying to do in the slightest and anyone playing the game can see that . 
haha i know , i made the comment before the patch notes released , now i know is still very strong 	something else of note is that if you press walk when aimed in with the awp you still move quickly . so aim in normally is slow but aim in and walk is pre patch speed . 
confirmed adren fanboy obsessed with this one thing . 	literally never watched him , but sure , you stick to that : d 
all we can do is pray . 	i sure as fuck hope so . 
why not polish your game ? 	i do n't really mind how it looks as long as it works . sure they could update it for the newer players and what not . 
try it after this buff i can knock off scrubs medium range with it but i am really good with it because it 's my favorite gun . 	the mac 10 has become my go to t gun now . op volvo do n't nerf . 
why change a concept that works ? 	well they changed the awp movement speed , p250 ammo , and dust2 doors . why would n't they randomly change something else that works ? 
get 100000 kills with negev . swap to knife 	only between same weapon . if you 're going to cheat you might as well just knife people in an afk server . 
that price boost on the m4a1 though , crazy how it was initially 200 cheaper , now to being more expensive . 	you 'll still see people pick it up all the time , the utility of even half a second of extra spray time is too huge . glad to see valve keep balancing weapons , at any rate . 
t side awping is pretty meh now . this change promotes really passive play . 	no , it makes it easier for ts to hold a site after taking it . 
except that if you look at data from the competitive scene , a vast majority of players use the a1 , since it is better in a lot of ways . this is a way to fix that imbalance . 	why do we have to have a 1 : 1 split in the first place ? they 're never going to be perfectly balanced , and one will always be preferential over the other . seems stupid to me . 
i have n't played csgo since february but i thought vanguard was supposed it end in february 	vanguard was extended to the end of march just before the original end date . 
i just tested them . the mac - 10 and mp7 's first like 3 - 4 bullets are on point . i think were going to be seeing a lot more mac - 10 's after winning the pistol round 	i think that was the goal , to make them a good weapon against the tek - 9 armor buy . 
sometimes i feel like i 'm the only person that likes jump - scouting . 	i 've had a couple of jump scoped kills but they feel so wrong so i do n't do it . plus , i do n't want to develop a bad habit of doing it since they might take it away one day . 
i just did a whole t side with only tec9 , didnt feel any difference , i barely had to reload anyways 	ya but they nerfed the awp . are n't you happy ! be happy ! 
this is gonna make trying to pick t spawn and mid from double doors ct spawn on dust2 impossible . t 's will have even greater advantage imo 	not really . the t 's are the ones forced to play aggressive , while the ct 's can sit back and hold angles with the new and slow awp . 
moving scoped in with an awp is now very slow . 	my question is why they did n't change it for the sg or the aug too ? should at least stay consistent with their changes . 
same here . cant support people at long . cant move away from picking mid . cant peek b . cant peek fire mid . the awp is pretty much useless now . 	two great losses to the csgo community has happened . maybe one day in the future the game can recover from this blow . 
rip m4a1 - s . time to play the m4a4 now . 	m4a4 master race .   
the price increase is bullshit . at least make it an m4a4 with a silencer if that 's your bullshit reasoning 	they could atleast add 1 clip to the a1 . there is no point in buying it 
well considering how nobody picks it up , the low end of the community either thinks they are n't good enough to use it or they think it sucks . either way they do n't use it 	uh , i do n't think that is true at all . people buy it all the time on 2nd round eco . 
well , all i can say is , volvo thank u 4 nerfing tec 9 	i dont know , 24 is still a huge clip for a single shot weapon , but i 'd assume the damage drop off is pretty decent on it that they just added 
whatever this is with the awp , i hate it . you move so slow scoped in now . 	want to peek a corner ? gotta 180 noscope or crawl out at a snails pace . 
how ? you ca n't trade it away and keep them . 	he thought that the tool added st to a non - st weapon . 
i know , it has now worked .  but you cant sell them . 	yeah unfortunately , i found it out the hard way thought i was gonna make a profit instantly but now i have to wait a week hope the prices do n't fluctuate against me 
i found that immediately too . like valve , do you even test your changes at all ? 	oh chill out . they patch shit like this within the week . 
anyone else feel that walking has changed overall ? i can hear steps after i stop using shift . 	i noticed this as well , but my friends do n't seem to hear it . if you run and then press shift you will hear footsteps for a short moment after you start sneaking . 
something else of note is that if you press walk when aimed in with the awp you still move quickly . so aim in normally is slow but aim in and walk is pre patch speed . 	is pre patch walking faster or slower than running now ? 
it 's sad that you had to get your had right after a second consecutive sb appearance 	not at all . you still want to win the sb just as bad . the pain of a tragic loss is n't lessened because the seahawks won the sb the year before . 
from what i can see , the res is connected directly to the pump .  it could be the pump is rattling against something in your case .  also , isnt not connected to a pwm header in your mobo ? 	it 's connected to a molex connector for power and then to the cpu fan header on the motherboard . 
maybe 30 min and no its still insanely loud . 	give it time . getting rid of air bubbles takes a few hours before it settles . plus you should be leak testing for a few hours anyways 
did his physical stats ever improve at all ? having such a good player with low pace is depressing . 	yep , when he was at 86 , he had 90 or so strength , 71 pace was amazing for a cb . 
he had 59 pace , but he was around 89 strength when i developed him a bit . he is not 87 first choice at 22 . i ca n't . 	did his physical stats ever improve at all ? having such a good player with low pace is depressing . 
bummer , i just moved from there to denver . 	oh well denver 's awesome . i used to live in colorado . have fun 
if she needs to shave her ass , i 'd hate to see how big her bush gets 	it does n't get that bad . i tell her to shave when it starts to get a late shadow . 
this is a great way to deal with cheating . well played rock star , well played . 	i do n't see how its cheating considering all they did was bring a really nice looking car into the online ? 
explain please . whats the dod ? 	duke of death . it is a single player only car people are glitching into multiplayer . 
you 're . we 're .  the fuck , people ? 	it 's pretty fucking fail . 
oh shit did n't even see that one . thank you . on another note :  what the heck people . upvoting things with mistakes in them . 	it 's not the wild west it once was . 
yes , i understand that . but he could be carried off by a secret operative working for the government , and then brought back to the us on a military plane . 	but once snowden disappeared and then appeared in us custody would be painfully obvious that the us violated international law and russia law . 
yes , i understand that . but he could be carried off by a secret operative working for the government , and then brought back to the us on a military plane . 	and then start world war 3 cus if you didnt know , russia and the us arent buddies 
america has freedom of press . if the government were to get caught violating that , we 'd likely see the fabrics of time and space begin to unravel . 	freedom of the press does n't prohibit internal infiltration by government and private agencies by controlling what the media actually reports on . 
you 're . we 're .  the fuck , people ? 	seriously . the spelling in this damn thing makes me want to punch a kitten . 
freedom of the press does n't prohibit internal infiltration by government and private agencies by controlling what the media actually reports on . 	which is why if they get caught , the fabrics of time and space begin to unravel . 
pretty sure this video just recently happened . it was on the news like a day ago . 	was referring to the ad council video , 
yes , i understand that . but he could be carried off by a secret operative working for the government , and then brought back to the us on a military plane . 	yeah the us is really gonna walk into a foreign country that has anything but friendly relations with them and just start cherry picking refugees . 
he pissed off every intelligence agency on the planet . i think you can overlook it just a bit . 	yeah but that makes me question the reason he did it . like has a mental illness . 
nice try , dad . 	dammit , son . i saw your dicks one time too many already . even since you were smaller than my dick ! 
yes , i understand that . but he could be carried off by a secret operative working for the government , and then brought back to the us on a military plane . 	imagine another country conducting an operation on us soil to remove a guest of the state against his and our will . how will that go over ? 
who cares what you thought . 	well , i kinda thought it was the point of reddit to submit things you think are interesting 
sigh it 's still terrible . 	as a huge fan of the books , i think the film is totally acceptable . it was n't amazing , but it captured the gist of the book very week . 
the fact that this is real , and the poor quality makes this one of the creepiest things i 've ever seen . 	my guess is the shitty quality is because it 's a video of the actual video playing on a tv , rather than a straight copy . 
ah , i thought you did n't know that the stealth bonus applies to the next job so i decided to explain 	i feel bad you got so harshly down voted for explaining how the game works . 
god now i want to actually pvp to get this back piece . 	just do what everybody else farming pvp leaderboards is doing . roll a turret engi , join a game , put down turrets , then go read your favourite book and wait for victory . 
me and my buddies have done this before , i 've got some cool pics of it too . next time , take a video in slow motion . it 's awesome 	i did n't even think about slow mo over the long exposure , that would have been awesome  
jon miller . i have n't listened to him in a long time , but i 'm assuming he 's still good . 	he is . i considered putting him on the list , actually . 
i know you are going to judge me by my flair , but please do n't . i always wish that the sox do well , because it is good for chicago sports . but hawk is the worst . 	i ca n't stand his depressing commentary when something amazing happens against his team . good commentators should love baseball and not just the team they 're broadcasting for 
the head slam was brutal . i 'd say that did it in more so than the kicks . the back of the head is a scary place . 	attempted murder if not murder . its hard to believe he came out of that without any internal bleeding . 
so why ca n't you white people press the button ? i do n't understand . are you all accounts created after april 1st ? 	the white ones are the accounts that were created after the 1st . any account created after the 1st are unable to press the button , pity them my friend for our time will come soon . 
i feel like you can throw red death into the primary slot now . i would say it kills me more than tlw and thorn combined since the buff . 	depends on the map composition . the last word and thorn rule in smaller maps , while red death reigns supreme when you have some more space in which to work . 
why do n't you just tell her to stay home and feel better ? then you hopefully do n't have to worry about it . she sounds like she sucks . 	that 's what we did , but it does n't mean she wo n't still show up . 
i have this shirt ! people get confused by the winter is coming part . sigh . 	wait , what ? even if someone does n't get the reference it still works on an elsa shirt . what 's not to get ? : p 
where is that ? in the 3 states i have held licenses , there is no distinction . 	3 states hardly compare to the 200 - odd nation states there is in the world ! i 'm in northern europe , though . 
they have a good point . the important thing is the information , not super precise formatting . latex is pretty awesome but yeah huge learning curve . 	but that 's the point of latex ; separate the formatting information from the content . 
two amps typically . it can be good for studio work , not so much for live use . 	unless you play doom . in which case you need at least two orange stacks haha . 
there 's no reason to remove the x2 for elementals . they just should add that in the game forever and make it working again like before the big update . 	yeah , it was nice when they had it running before . i really hope they compensate a lot of stam or something for this though , or at least track how much stam you used . 
well , there 's the problems with bears for a start 	the bear patrol should take care of that ! 
unfortunately , all state schools are still required to have daily collective worship every day . 	that 's not true at all , my school is owned by the state and we do n't have to worship everyday . we do n't have to worship at all . 
just go to any christian union at any uni and you will find a bunch of nutters . 	i 've met a bunch of people in a christian union and they are usually great . the younger generation of christians here , in particular , do a lot of good work . 
i have s5 i 've been pretty happy with it even though my husband had to convince me to get it because i thought it was too large 	i 'm stuck with an old s2 . have n't had the money to upgrade to a newer phone . 
after i dug my car out , i almost died three times on the way to work . i think i might need to apply for danger pay for working in such a high risk part of the world 	did you take snow chains for your tires ? what about a few tonnes of grit for the trip ? maybe you should look at investing in such products . 
it seems like he ran off with everyone 's coins . there 's another post about it . 	well , looks pretty typical unfortunately . little shit . 
wait , so he did pull an exit scam ? or he did n't ship out orders once evo fell ? 	it seems like he ran off with everyone 's coins . there 's another post about it . 
i keep my other hand on my jeans to keep my zipper from rubbing against my shaft . 	it 's an uncomfortable feeling , i do the same . 
gently rest it on the shoulder of the person next to me . 	pat their head . 
although this may be true , eyelids are n't completely opaque . try closing your eyes and then covering them with your hand , while they are closed . 	i think blue light is especially effective , which is mostly filtered out by human skin . 
in which case i 'm dual - booting my brain . i respect both religion and science . they are n't contradictory . 	up high , fellow scientific religious person ! 
both parties have shipped with tracking . 	trade complete ! 
i really want a copy of oot ! 	can i see a photo of villager ? maybe can do all three then 
have majoras mask gold cart and mario party 2 . interested in villager . also have a gray cart oot 	if thats an offer i would take it . 
mario party 9 ? 	no thanks , dont enjoy the new ones . 
i have a ton of the games you 're interested in , mind making a top 5 list for me so i can make offers ? 	megaman x series , mario party 3 - 6 , really want zelda ooc 3ds , hour glass , majoras mask 
you can feel the pride he had when typing that , as if he and his friend has tricked everyone into thinking that little moment they had was n't them just being curious 	all i know is i 've never had to pretend i was gay to get a woman to leave me alone .  i just be myself . it 's pretty foolproof . 
axis stomp hard , and the us never joins the war . 	the us will join the war . that 's a fact . 
why not just take them to a cobbler who can permanently attach a new sole for cheap ? the stick on pads always fall off . 	i did n't say not too ?  there might not be one in her area , she might now wear the shoes all the time , ect .  edit - i 've also linked to snap on ones in case you did n't see that . 
you can buy rubber pads that stick to your heels . make them less slippery , too .   	can you provide a picture of what to look for at the store ? 
you can buy rubber pads that stick to your heels . make them less slippery , too .   	why not just take them to a cobbler who can permanently attach a new sole for cheap ? the stick on pads always fall off . 
the in - game dlc shop just sends you to the actual eshop . does n't require a patch . 	but if he gets customs , then a patch would be needed , right ? 
maybe op just stumbled over it with random or something else and found it exceptionally interesting so he thought he would share it here to get some discussion about it ? 	spot on . discovered it via random , chuckled , checked this subreddit for commentary - but no one had posted it . 
but it is not common to just randomly post an xkcd that is not the current one , unless one has a reason to do so . 	yeah , exactly my point , this is a really old comic and yet it has hit home in a big way . i 'm glad to have seen it , just curious as to why op decided to post it . 
yeah , exactly my point , this is a really old comic and yet it has hit home in a big way . i 'm glad to have seen it , just curious as to why op decided to post it . 	maybe op just stumbled over it with random or something else and found it exceptionally interesting so he thought he would share it here to get some discussion about it ? 
i 'm kinda curious as to what made you post this comic ? 	i 'm afraid i do n't have a wildly entertaining story of love lost and love found . stumbled upon this comic via random , came here for commentary , but did n't find it posted . 
yep . most of the news when he left devils claimed it was because his family wanted to move to russia . or be closer with his family , etc . 	that 's a better pr story than he was sick of paying taxes on his enormous salary . 
116 ss holy moly , lol gl selling it 's a beaut man ! 	thanks , i 'll take the offer when i like it . 
i just noticed spoole 's cry for help in the description 	man , next april fool 's day should just be spoole playing games by himself in the office , with no one else . entirely unedited . just 10 minutes of stoner on gaming action . 
can i buy all pink lilies ? 	sure !  would you like to come to my town , or i can bring them to yours . 
i use a lot of data so i think this would be expensive . i am also not so keen on using t - mobile , and sprints network . they are n't the best . but i would love to try it . 	if the beta is free i will try it , then if it is good i will definately make the switch 
anyone with a wsj account want to share the text of the full article ? 	just copy and paste the wsj url into google , and then click on the search result . 
i use a lot of data so i think this would be expensive . i am also not so keen on using t - mobile , and sprints network . they are n't the best . but i would love to try it . 	if it 's cheaper than my current plan i want to try it . i can always jump back over if i want as i 'm already on t - mobile and did n't finance my phone . 
that . really . stinks .  funerals are for the living to support each other thru loss .  can you and the 99 others gather for an informal memorial ? 	yes , we are having one on saturday to honor his funeral wishes and for family and the community to say good bye . 
well your angel party for him is going to rock and put theirs to shame . let 's see if they have the balls to try to crash yours . 	thankfully none of his kids live in the area ! 
well it was bound to happen . med pot does n't pay the taxes rec does and everyone knows it . and taxes run the government . it 's a shitty deal . 	yup , and the people that run this state suck horrifically at doing anything that does n't involve a new or a raised tax . 
next to the title , all i see is view , history and discuss . is there something about my account that is off , because i have at least 100 karma and it 's a year old account . 	which wiki page is this ? 
which wiki page is this ? 	all of them . i have looked through many pages , and many of them do n't have the edit button . the one i was looking to edit was johnny cage 's combo page . 
that 's gotta suck for the cavs . would rather beat a healthy cavs than a injured one . let 's hope it is n't serious . 	we had to play injured the last 4 seasons . and worse than kevin love . injuries are part of the game 
only 2 - 3 games ? has injury report already surfaced ? 	i 'm totally estimating . no actual idea . 
it means if he has to miss games we 'll probably see guys like james jones more on the floor . to sill try and stretch jo out 	lol jo guarded j . r . for an entire game , getting stretched out to the perimeter and still performing defensively is what makes him such a valuable big 
true , but i 'd rather play an injured cavs than a healthy one . 	i 'll catch a break where i can take it . lebron has certainly had no qualms about beating us while we have injured players 
i 'm not blaming jo . i 'm blaming thibs . our game plans have been absolute crap 	again , how have we not dominated the boards ? 
lol jo guarded j . r . for an entire game , getting stretched out to the perimeter and still performing defensively is what makes him such a valuable big 	i love that jo is capable of that . but it would take him off the boards which is a disadvantage for us 
i dont think love has a big impact on the cavs anyway , hope its not too serious 	lol what ? k love is definitely a huge factor in their game 
while we sit here and talk about how this will help us in the next round , the bucks are sitting and think how to beat us tomorrow . i dont want to sound like thibs but we should n't look ahead . 	how is anything we talk about here affecting the bulls game tomorrow ? 
that 's gotta suck for the cavs . would rather beat a healthy cavs than a injured one . let 's hope it is n't serious . 	true , but i 'd rather play an injured cavs than a healthy one . 
sorry dude i disagree . there are crap fans on every team , and we should n't revel in love 's injury just because drose has been out .  i feel bad for love , that was a bitch move by olynyk . 	agreed , no injury is a good injury . i will never ever be happy about someone getting injured , rival team or not . 
that 's gotta suck for the cavs . would rather beat a healthy cavs than a injured one . let 's hope it is n't serious . 	we got no mercy from the heat while derrick was out . why should we treat it any differently ? 
is this show worth watching if i think football is boring ?   	watch it . i found out about it last month and have fallen in love with the show . i 'm from england and we do n't play that sport but there is something about that show 
is this show worth watching if i think football is boring ?   	i hate watching football , and friday night lights is in my top 10 shows of all time . 
does paying cash allow a customer to get a better deal ? 	 most dealers get payed the same whether is it a finance deal , or cash .  having cash in hand , while at the table negotiating price is always helpful though . 
it 's honestly a deal breaker for me as far as considering this career . i 'm glad that others feel it 's intolerable too . 	i work at a military facility and they require the military nurses to work rotating shifts . you see how it wears on them . 
not sure if this works , but i think i would like to learn how to be a better friend . 	if you have , give . listen when people talk and offer loving kindness  not much to it , just have to walk the walk 
it was pretty much a dead space movie sans red marker . 	i would really like to see a event horizon 2 ; seems like a whole universe that could be expanded upon . 
i had ducks hawks rangers lightning .  i wanted to pick the wild oh so bad . but i just went with little brother complex 	the bracket i made has caps to win cup , i 'm a caps fan so it is homer . i made another bracket that is exact same with rangers taking the cup .  what are the futures your have right now ? 
i think that having shadowbanned people comment on a post increases the overall number without showing content . 	i 've been on reddit just over a year and there 's still a lot of inner workings i 'm not familiar with , what is a shadowban , and what purpose does it serve that a regular ban does not ? 
i dont know . go on the sub . its there somewhere . he threatened to crash a malaysian one . 	well , that 's not a compelling argument , i can claim that you said to me that you were going to nuke washington .  go , find what he said and bring it as proof . 
well it has been like half a year . 	he could have had a birthday . that does n't necessarily mean anything one way or another . 
the gameplay does n't stop once you 're dead 	in unranked it does . and its not like players wont be able to skip the cam by pressing a single button . 
is it safe to keep using it after that ? i 'd honestly rather not upgrade . there are some things about 15 . 04 that bother me . 	not really , because it will no longer receive any updates , including security updates .  maybe 14 . 04 lts would be a better choice for you . 
what bothers you about 15 . 04 ? also , what gpu do you have since a lot of older gpus lost support with the nvidia driver in ubuntu 15 . 04 , so you may need to use the new legacy driver 	tiny ui changes that bug me to no end and drive me out of my comfort zone . it 's silly , i know . 
breaking scales because of oppressive numbers . 	this is why we need more science literacy in the world , young women believe not measuring their weight will make them not fat . 
you type with one hand ? 	his home position is his hand on the arrow keys , and your question is if he types with one hand ? 
i think when i use an extender , the card will be loose and i ca n't take the risk . 	well if its screwed in on top that should hold it . not the most idea set up but it 'll work 
impressive amount of effort ! may i ask what software you used for the map designs ? 	gimp , i worked with different layers all based on the same outline map , so i can produce various versions of each map , for example with or without text or borders . 
i think in the future , it would be pretty cool if there was some way to see the game scoreboard during the game . 	do you mean the stats ? i had the scoreboard for the series in literally every scene that was n't a video . 
looks like you figured out the flair , but if you click edit text you can change it to have what your in game name is ! 	did it work ?   
i use two too ! lol omg i break out bad from coconut oil 	my skin has cleared up a ton but i want it to improve even more , i think it might be my diet . i stay skinny but i do n't eat the most healthy foods 
oh shit , did n't even notice , looks good though .    i guess we 'll be seeing that sometime in the anime . 	yeah . i actually really like how the short hair looks on her . 
happened to me a few times for the past 4 months . i just re - install the client and restart the pc . works a treat . 	i think that you had a seperate issue . the client freezes we are experiencing only started yesterday . 
games at 7 : 30 right ? ill probably stop by if its easy to get home after 	there was a lot of parking last game as well . i 'll probably be there just in time or a little late . 
starts at 7 . super easy to take public transport in and out 	i live in marin a bit more planning then living in the city , ill be there , i figured out my route from work and going home 
if you 're in the the city or near it come down to sf athletic club to watch the game and drink down your sorrows of innocent being out for the season ! 	looks like we might get a pretty good showing tonight . see you all there ! 
i live in marin a bit more planning then living in the city , ill be there , i figured out my route from work and going home 	cool see you there ! 
if you 're in the the city or near it come down to sf athletic club to watch the game and drink down your sorrows of innocent being out for the season ! 	games at 7 : 30 right ? ill probably stop by if its easy to get home after 
i have finals this week , and instead of studying as i should i just keep looking at highlights of last season . the regular season ca n't get here fast enough . 	i finished my last final , came home , got a text from a niners fan friend about collins , then saw we had him immediately after . it was pretty sweet . 
i do n't think either of them look like they are in any condition to drive . i bet they would blow an alfalfa level of . 20 or higher . 	the black bunny is the designated driver . the grey bunny is so tipsy he ca n't even get in the car without help . 
how quickly can you write ? 	this took about 7 - 8 minutes , including checking the stuff in - game . if i 'm writing an essay , a page fills up in perhaps 10 minutes , with about 15 - 20 words a line . 
lebron . he is incredibly versatile and can dominate games in many more ways than shaq could as a center . 	shad did n't need to dominate the game in any other way . 
da : o - morrigan da2 - merrill da : i cassandra  trying to pick the favorite of those three is too hard , maybe merrill since she 's the only i can romance . 	da2 - merrill da : i - iron bull  
ambulance and caravan from tt might be my two favorite songs of all time , so you should check those out , maybe you 'll take a different perspective on the album . 	re listened . halfway through jets . my opinion has changed . i owe you an apology . 
awesome shit . what does it all mean ? 	it demonstrates several ways computers commonly sort certain sets of data . most of the algorithms work quite differently from one another . 
screen is permanently stuck to this view , and i cannot zoom out . this happens on all subreddits .  possible bug ? 	are you accessing beta via the user preference or via beta . reddit . com ? 
it 's hardly a case for removing a kid from the home , just making them cooperate in the kid 's best interest . 	where i come from , you do n't call the authorities on family unless it 's really necessary . 
seems like a pretty easy bet then if you actually want to die . 	suicide is not covered by life insurance . 
i swear kfc 's uniform gets more and more over detailed each year 	the colonel has reached his final form . 
oh , you mean the place that the old ladies said was what was left of the green place in the movie ? i do n't get how you missed that . 	i was making the point that what that meant is they inadvertently pulled out the last tree without knowing it . but have an upvote for your snark and condescension ! 
it was also a temporary measure to help those who lost all their savings in the depression era . it was never meant to be permanent . 	yes it was intended to be permanent . it was the first step in implementing socialism . the new dealer kind of socialism , not the thanks obama derp kind . 
ruining , as in present tense ?  not many think that . they 've long since ruined the economy . 	ruined or ruining , i 'm interested in the beef between younger generations and boomers 
probably relocating more permanently out towards your neck of the woods soon , myself . 	it 's not a bad area . a lot of people bitch and moan because worcester proper is pretty urban and low - income in places , but that makes it cheap to live in compared to other ne cities . 
would n't episode 4 be more in line with season 2 ? episode 1 and 2 were like a week after the infection , placing it when rick was still in the coma 	i meant season two of the game not the show . 
looks like a man , baby . yeahhh ! 	dad , go home . you 're drunk . 
wow that is one of the sickest dies i 've seen , simple yet awesome . really good job ! 	thanks man ! 
i would love to see a picture with a few others you have done ! are there any colors you have used that did not come out well ? 	i 'll start working on an album . different color discs or dye ? 
they feel just fine , maybe the smallest bit thinner plastic than regular game cases but nothing poor quality from what i can see . 	excellent ! i have a lot of loose games and now that i think about it , i should have gotten one . ugh .  thanks for responding to my question , i appreciate it ! 
i 'll trade you for the extra majora 's mask bag that i got . : p 	i should have an old club nintendo tote bag if you 'd want to trade that . i sadly wo n't trade these unless i have a friend cancel their dibs and another cancel their secondary dibs . 
i 'd rather have better schools . 	while i agree , you do realize that school funding has zero to do with the city , right ? 
as the tv commercial said , por que no los dos ? 	see now , if we went back to the idea of building it downtown , we could build it right on top of the convention center and let them use the field for comic - con ! the new hall h . 
as the tv commercial said , por que no los dos ? 	because it 's a socialized loss and a privatized profit . that 's why not . the few gain and the many lose .   
i ai n't sayin shit 	fuck . 
picky eating . i did n't think it would get to me , but there 's only so much you can do when the other person is only interested in three foods . 	this would definitely drive me crazy in a so ! i 'm a very adventurous eater so that would n't work . 
picky eating . i did n't think it would get to me , but there 's only so much you can do when the other person is only interested in three foods . 	i read a similar comment to yours here a long time ago and i was wondering if it was yours ? was it the case that he was only interested in tater tots and fish sticks ? 
special education . i support high functioning kids in the general education classroom . 	that 's awesome . teachers like you are really important . 
whoa , how did you get road rash ? 	longboarding . was going kind of fast and lost my balance when turning . 
the road rash on my palm . i 'm moving out in a week and i am stressed it wo n't be healed by then . 	whoa , how did you get road rash ? 
work . i 'm a teacher and it 's almost summer . 	what do you teach ? 
i spent my entire childhood doing that . and my teen years . and early 20s . i 've always wanted to be a performer , but never had the confidence for it .   	me too . it 's always been a dream of mine but i would have to learn an instrument seeing as how i 'm not that good of a singer . 
i do n't believe i can talk to the dead at all . it 's just that i 'm interested in the idea of it . 	okay , your opening post did sound different . 
me and my friends was at 5 - 2 when i got disconnected from the next game , they lost and i was left at 5 - 2 , i ended up going 8 - 3 .  they was n't happy they missed out on 2 ethereal light . 	oh damn yeah one of my mates got disconnected right at the start of the game left just 2 of us against three . we nearly won it final score was 4 - 5 just a shame about disconnects 
got to 8 - 0 twice and lost a game . disappointed but i 'm confident i 'll get there soon . managed to get enough etheric light to get to 34 on all 3 characters so i 'm happy . 	i always saved the next win counts as two for my 8th game so i never had 9th game pressure it helped i think . yeah it helped me get all to 34 so it 's a win win situation ! 
last of us is great . never played metro but heard it was good . wolfenstein was meh to me . 	i loved the last of us . i could never get into metro for some reason . and my brother thinks wolfenstein is amazing . but he also said that about all three expendables movies . 
lemme guess . you left the launcher open ? 	i did that , have like 151 hours played . that probably covers quarter of the time i spent playing this game when i was originally into it . 
it can take years to build trust , and only a moment to lose it . 	aye , and he does need to build that trust now . i say give him the chance , if nothing else . 
and harper ?  colour me rather surprised . 	also colour me blue . 
i 'd say give him a chance . forgive , but do n't forget , and always keep an eye out . 	it can take years to build trust , and only a moment to lose it . 
that 's what i read as well . rand should probably work on the clarity of his statements , being that he is running for president and all . 	yeah . i can see his statement being taken either way . i read it a few times and it seems to me he is saying snowden should be in a cell . but it could be a poorly written article too . 
pro tip : put mermaid statues inside water filled tank for live mermaids as an attraction 	i actually discovered this on accident around the time i discovered you could put regular park decor in the tanks . i then proceeded to replace all of my marine life with mermaids . 
lion 4 would prefer fresh water . 	lion 4 will drink salty water .  edit : happy cake day : ddd 
i made the mistake of telling a dead baby joke to my friend once . i do n't have a friend anymore . 	if your friends ca n't understand your sense of humor , they were never really your friends in the first place : p 
i it 's called zoo tycoon . it 's a pretty old game now . 	oh i know lol got it around here somewhere just wonder if it will work with windows 8 . 1 
are we friends now ? we should be friends . 	haha yes ! that was a fantastic game though . 
i have windows 7 64bit and i reinstalled it last night just fine . played for hours . 	i 'll have to try that after work today . i tried launching it in compatibility mode , but no dice . the screen just blacks out and goes to windows 
what is this game ?   	zoo tycoon , specifically with the marine mania expansion . the complete collection is the best way to play , though . 
i think it 's kind of cheap you downvote me as we are having a discussion . i 'm not going to participate anymore . 	ah , you 're new to the internet i see .  i was once downvoted for saying i liked disney 's home on the range . welcome to the club . 
i 'm tired of these motherfucking posts without the motherfucking game title 	the name has only appeared 36 times in the comments according to my super high tech search function . 
what game is this ? 	zoo tycoon 2 , if you never played this then you never had a childhood full of people screaming , big ass dinosaurs , and lots of rocks at the entrance . 
you merely adapted to the easter eggs , i was born in one , molded by them , i did not see the vanilla game until i was already a man , and by then it was nothing to me but boring ! 	you are the chosen one . the one that will save us ! 
i would also suggest zoo tycoon 2 . i would not , however , suggest zoo tycoon for ds .  it looks like someone vomited pixels onto a ds screen . 	i honestly have n't enjoyed any version of zt that is n't on pc . 
best comment ever . i want you to know i will spend the rest of my life trying to make this into a joke with my fishing buddies . 	i 've given up on flesh light jokes outside of reddit . i end up losing friends 
are all those orcas on the bottom dead ? 	nah , i think animals just disappear when they die . 
no , batman . your fish is dead . 	no , impossible , my fish is with my parents . at the farm , for parents and fish . my mom and dad were just sleeping . 
what was the easter egg ? 	when a dinosaur run into a toilet , there was a scared man sitting on the broken toilet 
well , i am kind of in a fuck all mood today with no motivation . if anything can get me out of it the killing orcas part could . 	kill something . any ol thing . 
i loved the dinosaur expansion for this game . i wish there would be more game like that . 	jurassic park : operation genesis . basically that expansion , but better . 
you know a guy died trying to fuck a killer whale , right ? 	i thought he was trying to fuck a dolphin ? did n't it drag him under ? 
i 've given up on flesh light jokes outside of reddit . i end up losing friends 	i 'll be your friend . 
pro tip : put mermaid statues inside water filled tank for live mermaids as an attraction 	that blew my fucking mind as a kid . 
i 've given up on flesh light jokes outside of reddit . i end up losing friends 	i made the mistake of telling a dead baby joke to my friend once . i do n't have a friend anymore . 
thanks i want to play this now . 	i it 's called zoo tycoon . it 's a pretty old game now . 
sea world ? 	no , the fish finger island park . 
pro tip : put mermaid statues inside water filled tank for live mermaids as an attraction 	so many of those cool ones my favorite was naming an exhibit xanadu , which unlocked unicorns , i miss games where cool stuff like that was easter eggs rather than dlc 
are all those orcas on the bottom dead ? 	well when they die they float with their belly up , so there 's only one dead orca in the picture 
it is ! he 's my roommates and he 's a squishy goofball . 	we have one too ! great dogs . ours is a big goof too . 
wrong word , more like her pre - adult life . 	you 're probably right , i had a friend get a giant zelda stamp on her waist . looks dumb as hell . 
sweet , thanks man ! i 'll make the language sfw and put some thought into the post . hoping it 'll help the sub grow a bit . 	cool . thanks . 
iggy azalea . pop performer .    ie bad music . 	so the aux cord is to connect her ipod to the in car stereo ?   
that 's the dumbest idea . why would you give them control if they needed to please your tastes ? 	dont drive much do you ? 
what would be the purpose of moving ? 	so he can start his business right now without breaking the no compete contract . it 's a big effort to make though , i 'm sure he 'll do fine just starting up next year . 
most important question : is omni a seahawks fan ? 	either way , fuck the pats . i guess fuck the seahawks more for making that stupid play . 
i did n't care either way but the ending was annoying .  salty tears from omni would be fun though . 	is n't he from wisconsin or minnesota though ? maybe he 's a packers or vikings fan . 
i bleed purple . vikings all the way . 	as a packer fan : awe , bless your heart , child ! 
either way , fuck the pats . i guess fuck the seahawks more for making that stupid play . 	i did n't care either way but the ending was annoying .  salty tears from omni would be fun though . 
so . will we finally be able to download an actual podcast at some point ? i got shit to do . 	your podcast should do a gunnit live post live show , and just commentary the whole show . 
your podcast should do a gunnit live post live show , and just commentary the whole show . 	fuck , i barely have enough time to prepare for one podcast . 
seahawks fan , eh ? 	i 'm glad no one was around to intercept your joke . on the other hand , you just run with it . 
anybody know why the poster or somebody removed the whole post ? thanks for saving the picture . 	i 'm pretty sure it was the mods in this sub because they remove shit all the time for virtually no reason .  no need to thank me , thank google cache : p 
thank you for replying !  what would the ceramic egg do for her ? not doubting that it would help , i just do n't know what they 're used for . 	it helps discourage pecking eggs . no matter how hard they try , they will never get deliciousness out of it . 
i believe you have to tell the ps4 to output all sound to both hdmi and headset .  i was doing the exact same thing for a while 	 yeah i 'm just not familiar with obs and such so i did n't know if i had to get the ps4 audio into the mix or something 
it happens with a single card too , there 's video evidence out there . it 's just not as prominent on a single card 	it happens on all cards , even if you have 12gb of vram . 
then why is n't it all used , can it be fixed with software ? 	it ca n't be fixed in software . it 's technically not broken , it 's by design . 
whether something is illegal or not should n't depend on whether someone presses charges . that 's like saying i can kill someone because hey , they wo n't press charges . 	obviously , but you would n't make murder legal just because some random person wanted to be murdered . 
do you think your girlfriend feels the same time way ? 	well , since it 'd be pretty hard for him to force his gf when he 's passed out or asleep , i 'm think she 's having sex with him of her own free will .  so that 'd be a yes ? 
i told my dog it would be fun if he got in his crate . 	awww that 's cute . 
the decision to evict me if i do n't come up with even more money ? this was an otc . 	so there was an earlier decision , an order to correct , that ordered you to pay x amount of money ?  now the file says decision reversed ?   
i think you can forgive people a little paranoia regarding digital piracy . 	it 's not paranoid when they are actually watching 
never ever download while in schools , you are risking your education . 	why ? the network is newer and their security is n't that great . i also torrent on the chromebooks they give us and the torrent client does n't seed . 
correct me if wrong , better than average teacher ? 	teachers in my district start at about 40k . that is kinda low considering the schooling they get and the hours they spend planning lessons and grading . 
fyi a lot of modern banks now accept deposits by smart phone . the chase app let me deposit a few checks that would be been otherwise mildly inconvenient to drive to a branch for . 	they do n't allow 50k checks to be mobile deposited though 
well that sounds like a fine and pleasant misery . 	if i get through this unscathed , you get gold . 
i also deposit checks via phone through usaa and the last time i did , it rejected the check image because i did n't have the account number on the back . 	damn they 've started checking ? only took a year or so . 
for the record , usps is shit . 	i , for some reason trust the longtime usps employee over the 18 year high school kid working at the ups store . i 've mailed hundreds of things using usps and literally have n't had one issue 
is registered mail handled differently ? 	yes . registered mail is signed for by every person that has it . clerk to truck driver to registry room clerk to truck driver to clerk to supervisor to clerk to carrier . 
how does a hundred trillion zimbabwe dollars sound ? 	perfect ! i upvoted you ! 
also usaa , you do n't actually have to write out that info on the check .  you 're supposed to , but i 've had them deposit without any of that info . 	i also deposit checks via phone through usaa and the last time i did , it rejected the check image because i did n't have the account number on the back . 
because you did n't wish me a happy birthday . 	sorry , man , totally forgot ! 
sexy and hot ! nice color undies too . 	they 're my favorite pair : p 
is n't she also the same girl who is beat up in the hotel room for stealing the old guys money . the reason bunny quits the hotel job . 	no , that 's a different person 
that is richard price 's daughter and he joined the writing team in s3 , thus the smaller story arc 	is n't she also the same girl who is beat up in the hotel room for stealing the old guys money . the reason bunny quits the hotel job . 
hey , your mic was really low last night . could just be me ?   	hey , thanks , man , i 'll turn it up tonight . i 'm weary of it being obnoxiously loud so i have down pretty low .   
sorry , man , i just posted here and totally missed this . i 'll delete my post .  i 'll be online after 10 est and i 'll come looking for you guys ! 	hey , your mic was really low last night . could just be me ?   
think of all the stuff you can buy with that shit . 	i heard you can exchange a gold for up to 3 dank memes . 
it 's in the tattoo shop ? 	its an elbow tat online . 
for the normal 3 minutes ? i normally put it in at 205 and it 's 195 3 mins later . i will try this next pot i brew . 	if i remember correctly , yes i believe it was the normal 3 minutes . it was plenty strong enough for me , plus i could easily get another steeping later if i wanted . 
just knowing how much you spent on that pound hurts my soul a little bit , but that tea is so goddamn delicious . 	can you describe how the tea taste ? 
i have until march 16th for my rewards expire , so i might as well use them on tea . i do n't plan on going to starbucks often , unless if there is an amazing promotion . 	can you use it towards a mug or something of the sort ? 
my bad , console 	set up an afk meteor head farm . 
set up an afk meteor head farm . 	unfortunately , they fixed that farming technique . now any meteor head killed post - hard mode will not drop anything . 
i meant more like dos rpgs . i can play all the psx and snes and other consoles with a gamepad anyway . 	ah , sorry man . i 'm not too familiar with dos rpg 's . but i assume most of them will be keyboard only if it 's dos . 
how long did you stay ? what are you up to now ? 	3 years .  i work in another industry , in another country . 
it 's fun for a few years , but you get bored after awhile and move on . 	that 's what i figured most of non - citizens would feel . it 's not too big of a country , and only half of it at that . 
it 's fun for a few years , but you get bored after awhile and move on . 	how long did you stay ? what are you up to now ? 
i have a virus kb i 'll sell you if you 're anywhere near florida lol 	i saw your post on cl . east coast , correct ? still no luck selling that ? 
i have a virus kb i 'll sell you if you 're anywhere near florida lol 	cincinnati , unfortunately . unless it 's a phenomenal deal , my sights are pretty firmly set on a ti keyboard . 
i 'm doing 8 am target then 10 am toys r us . toys r us told me i could call before 10 to check how many they have in stock . 	toys r us is going to have them ? you 're the only source of that on the internet so far . 
ah shoot , the pre - orders for the time machine are also sold out . guess i 'm out of luck on that front . : p 	it 's probably easier to get your hands on a time machine than a mm n3ds . id say just wait until a few weeks on the 3ds . until after release . nintendo may re - stock 
not randomly but if the store is run by knowledgeable managers , like my local game shop does , they can place orders for things they believe will have demand just like anybody else . 	walmart could n't get them , mom and pop are n't either . nintendo made it exclusive to fry 's , gamestop , target and best buy . the small shops were not offered them . 
not randomly but if the store is run by knowledgeable managers , like my local game shop does , they can place orders for things they believe will have demand just like anybody else . 	then why did n't wal - mart place an order ? surely they would have wanted some ? i feel like there 's some exclusivity and favoritism going on here , and not just anyone could order some . 
nintendo 's not going to randomly supply a small , local retailer with a limited edition system . 	not randomly but if the store is run by knowledgeable managers , like my local game shop does , they can place orders for things they believe will have demand just like anybody else . 
i 'm doing 8 am target then 10 am toys r us . toys r us told me i could call before 10 to check how many they have in stock . 	i did n't realize toys r us was even going to stock these at all - thanks for the tip . hoping target will end up having them , however at least i know i have a half - chance with toys r us now . 
your best bet would be to buy a time machine and go back a few weeks . 	ah shoot , the pre - orders for the time machine are also sold out . guess i 'm out of luck on that front . : p 
so you do n't think someone will ever change or learn from their mistake ? 	it 's not a mistake unless they accidentally fell genital first into another person . it shows a huge lack of respect for other people and their own word . 
dude . if you do pubes with a trimmer , you 're missing out on the adrenaline rush that comes with using a straight down there .  trust me . it 'll all work out . 	i 've done a de down there with great success . definitely an adrenaline rush . the feeling of accomplishment is enough . 
if you could let me know soon how you want to proceed i would appreciate it brother . i 'm holding off on bidding on stuff since my runes are tied up in this trade . thanks man 	ill most likely accept the trade but i 'm currently working and will be back in 13 hours or so 
did she laugh back , or was it awkward silence after ? 	oh there was no laughing here . it was like the last time i made darren wilson joke . 
people saying us 4th need a serious kick in the head . what mentally dim logic is this ? i could n't give less of a flying fuck about the spuds as long as we reach the best of our abilities . 	i think it 'll also be great to see them get put in a group of death and get knocked out in the group stages . 
united outside the top 4 would be great , i think they lose a lot of money if that happens 	if you 're on about that sponsorship deal i think that only counts on if they do n't get into the champions league in two or three years . 
have you tried not living in a rural area ? 	its barely rural . literally 1 km outside of guelph , a city with 120 , 000 people 
i really do n't find it fun using sweat teams . sure they 're op but they 're not as consistent as zlatan ibrahimovic . plus higher rated players score classier goals 	i agree , playing with high rated players is much more fun , but in order to win all you need is doumbia 
because all you need is pace and sweat to win , so players like sturridge and doumbia are all a div 1 player needs 	i really do n't find it fun using sweat teams . sure they 're op but they 're not as consistent as zlatan ibrahimovic . plus higher rated players score classier goals 
how does having different colours of people here stop you having your culture ? 	who mentioned colour ? 
england 's massive . 	second most densely populated country in europe . eighth most densely populated country in the world once you exclude city states . 
we would be a shithole because the economic benefits of immigration would go away . 	limiting migration will not get rid of the benefits of immigration . we are not closing down the borders , merely limiting immigration like 197 other countries do . 
how many years ?  what do you define as full ?  after we are full , what do we do then ?  are we not leaving ourselves any land to grow into ? 	100 years . full is when we ca n't accommodate more . we wo n't get full . we have plenty of land to grow into , that 's what i said . 
are you sure he is not taking a big sniff ? 	sand boa owner here . his tongue would be sticking out as well . 
why does the snake have that reaction from the water balloon ? 	it keeps its mouth open to prevent injecting itself with venom . 
golden liar is pretty solid . 	definitely my favorite song by them , but hit parade is also pretty catchy and the i really enjoyed the short bit we have of step in time . 
i love both overnight superstar and especially golden liar . great songs . 	oh my god , do you know who the girl is in overnight superstar ? she is divine 
well , time to give death parade a try i guess . 	keep in mind that the opening has nothing to do with the actual atmosphere of the anime .   
i want to pay money for that song . 	if somebody actually knows where i can get a legit copy of their cd , or even a digital copy of individual songs outside of japan i 'd buy them in an instant . 
golden liar is pretty solid . 	i want to pay money for that song . 
no spoilers or stuff like that ? i was waiting till i finished the series , but goddamn episodes take too long to come out . 	nope , not anything past the first ep . though it does have the girl skating for the roulette board so it takes place at some time after episode 5 . 
ah , that makes sense !  just kidding . let him know that he 's really nailing the scum of society role . 	he 's actually a nice guy if you get to know him , but he needed money so he started dealing . he was arrested and is clean now . 
says a very stupid guy . 	oh nice one bro . 
maybe not quite the same playstyle as some of them but diana does great top and jungle and in jungle can farm just as well as udyr but farms champions better . 	i think diana is currently better suited for mid lane than top lane , if you are n't going jungle with her . jungle is however , the best pick right now . 
quick question . do you play much hecarim top ? i normally play him jungle but am forced to top at times . hec is my go to top champion . 	random lurker here , but i read a guide that said go armor pen . runes on him , marks and quints . it is surprisingly strong and i have had success in normals . 
try jarvan . his top is pretty good and totally underrated and his jungle is pretty awesome 	just to add to this , it is hard to feed as j4 top . even in a situation where you will get out traded his w and a flask pretty much guarantee sustaining tele duration . 
j4 vi ftw . just be sure to not early blind pick vi as she can be countered easily with a lot of champions . j4 on the other hand provides a lot more with less counters . 	i will often early pick jungle , and have n't had many if any real counters with her . who would you say can ? 
2nd this . if you 're a fan of bruisers vi is just beast mode and so is j4 right now . they are at the top of most play or ban lists . i main vi and she 's hell - a - fun ! 	j4 vi ftw . just be sure to not early blind pick vi as she can be countered easily with a lot of champions . j4 on the other hand provides a lot more with less counters . 
submissive in general or just in the bedroom ? 	seconded , for science . 
submissive in general or just in the bedroom ? 	originally , just the bedroom . then idk , next thing i know it 's been like 2 years and she 's still here . 
how the fuck would that work ? 	i have a feeling that high - level executives think like this . 
new raid is very fun if you do n't cheese the whole damn thing . 	opinions . have done legit runs normal and hard so i 'm not just talking out of my ass 
hey guys , can someone explain me what is the hidden catch . what is not free ? 	similar to how it use to be . certain items , areas and quests are paid members stuff only . 
yep . it was the beginning of the end . all the quests became a trip to the ge . 	not if you 're an iron man now . all quests become so much more because you have to collect so much stuff for them . 
then we 'd be incredibly vulnerable and would have a lesser understanding of all systems . 	if there was no hackers we would n't be vulnerable to anything , and the area of system knowledge that we lack in would n't be relevent . 
i got really excited , until the grand exchange part . 	it 's like 'here 's the version you loved ! except for this major thing you hated '
sooo . . . . will all the botting prevention shit be reverted too ? please say yes , i 've got so many more years of cs experience to apply to botting now . 	like what ? those random events do n't force you to do them anymore and the combat ones have been removed if that 's what you 're wondering 
the servers have been getting ddosed for the past 2 weeks . they 're currently improving their server defence . 	that 's not it though . the delay he 's talking about is likely due to the fact that the game runs on a 0 . 6 second tick rate , so some actions may be responsive and some slow . 
your slices are to large ! ahhhhh ! 	it 's a medium pie . maybe even smaller . 6 slices is ideal in that situation . 
lpt : want to find out who is the rat on your criminal organization ? tell everyone a different thing and then wait to see what version of it comes back to you . 	pretty sure it 's that little guy in the corner with the twitchy nose and the long tail . 
obviously i meant pooping . you never finish popping . 	once you pop , you just ca n't stop 
my dog knows everything about me . he could ruin me . 	my cat knows my secrets too . if she ever decided to talk . . . 
lpt : if two people know it , it 's no longer a secret . 	false . only one person has to not know it for it to be a secret . example : a surprise birthday party . 
lpt : if two people know it , it 's no longer a secret . 	no affair is a secret . . . 
he 's talking about relieving the mental pressure of keeping a secret . that does n't apply to those of us who do n't feel that frankly nonsensical pressure 	you do n't understand the need to tell people things that are relevant to them they do n't know , to the point it is nonsensical to you ? 
i like to believe he was the 22nd person named richard smith . his father was the 21st , and so on . 	boy , that family has a history of being dicks . 
you guys are the best . here , have some coke on me 	i wish real life people would offer me drugs for meeting the minimum requirements for not being a dick . 
there are no good guys in the 15 . all of they know it 's a fraud otherwise they would not be there . name one honest man who is at the top of a dishonest corporation . 	i also disagree . the best salesmen of bullshit are believers in bullshit . if they were n't believers , the organization would have fallen apart long ago . 
go home , you 're drunk . 	no , he 's right ! they 're playing competitive with each other , that 's exactly where the line should be drawn . 
draw the line at the banlist . 	go home , you 're drunk . 
oof . expensive cards are expensive . 	competitive metas usually do n't have a problem with card cost . crucible is n't even that expensive . 
oof . expensive cards are expensive . 	let 's not get into the cost of hobbies , shall we ? 
you 're right they fall more into the historical world - war - two thriller genre 	there is almost nothing in the narrative of those films that is about man vs his creations . it is just action adventure , with minor sci - fi for setting 
i 'm holding off all judgement until i see it , but i will fuck some shit up if there are no screen wipe transitions . 	there will be , have no fear . 
the proliferation of female roles just for the sake of being politically correct . 	so , should there just not be female roles at all ? or is any woman being cast in a movie just for the sake of being pc . enlighten me . 
i 'm holding off all judgement until i see it , but i will fuck some shit up if there are no screen wipe transitions . 	it 's kind of funny how iconic that is . i 've never seen a single good movie try to use the wipe , besides star wars . 
i 'm holding off all judgement until i see it , but i will fuck some shit up if there are no screen wipe transitions . 	i cannot quite remember if the prequels had wipes . the thing i missed in the prequels that needs to return is seeing the star lines as they jump into hyperspace from the cockpit . 
blue . candy . paint . 	rare candy amiibo confirmed . 
just wondering why a fire on a warm day is better than one a cold day ?  seems a cold day the fire would serve more useful purpose 	last i checked , 20 degrees fahrenheit was still cold . never said it was warm , just the warmest day in a month it seemed . 
just wondering why a fire on a warm day is better than one a cold day ?  seems a cold day the fire would serve more useful purpose 	look at this guy being all thought - out and stuff . 
he wants the flash to go missing . did you forget the ep where the time stream is altered and he wants to make it go back 	that 's because the flash lost his powers . in the new newspaper there was no mention of flash . wells was scared because he would lose his powers if there is no flash . 
do you like basketball ? if so , just delete it . 	i actually do n't like basketball that much . douche . this game is really fun for me though i like how hard it is to play offense . get over yourself lol . 
thanks . it was scary , but it did not happen again . i took a couple of rest days just in case , never a bad thing . today i was back , no problem at all . 	have you considered weight training with a knee brace ? 
for the complete stranded experience , you can imagine these other people are the voices in your head you would be talking to around day 100 . 	a very unique response , an intensive role play could stem from this concept ! 
the jungle timers in the game do n't give you text warnings . 	but my supports do , so it 's practically the same .  edit : it 's a joke people . 
how is he cheating ? all i see are jungle timers which are already in the game . 	you also get the timer even if you didnt saw the camp dying . 
you can turn off rt 's from individual people . 	i would but they 're so fun to read . it 's just not the meat of his rl 's content . 
holy shit you just went full fat ass mode , its one press of a button . there 's no advantage , if anything , you lose half a calorie by hitting tab . 	it 's more of if you forget to be checking , this reminds you . eat a dick 
it doesnt , it shows the timer of buffs that you never saw die , pretty huge advantage , knowing the enemy buff spawn timer every time 	it starts a full timer when you reveal the camp . it does not time it if you do n't see it die . 
custom skins , can you explain ? 	you can use any skin in the game , even pax tf , but only you will see it . 
its not cheating , the timer only works if he has vision of the enemy buffs when they died etc 	its still cheating . the program is automatically doing something he should have to do manually .  no 3rd party programs . 
mk is very common here in brazil server . riot knows a lot people use it but meh , it does n't give any unfair advantage , most people use it for customs skins lol 	custom skins , can you explain ? 
and by waiting , there are more casualties for the people playing legitimately that have their games ruined . 	preaching to the choir man , i 'm just explaining i do n't advocate what they do . 
but my supports do , so it 's practically the same .  edit : it 's a joke people . 	are you talking about more 3rd party programs that should n't be allowed or an actual support character giving out text warnings ? 
does this even work ? i doubt that you get the information of timers you did n't even see , except if there is an exploit that gets the information . 	no , it does n't work like that . you get chat timers for what you had vision of . 
i thought there was a popular program from a while back that would spectate the opposing players to get buff timers from them even if you did n't see the camp die . 	spectate with a three minute timer ? plus , that program would have to read a code in the spectating game to receive this . does n't seem very plausible . 
you forgot to remove the mk bar part of the program bro .  i do n't consider using a free local skin program and local jungle timers cheating , but whatever floats your boat . 	its not just timers , if she uses what i think she uses scripts and auto smite are cheats . 
yup . 	yea the streamer should be banned . just out of curiosity , how popular is this streamer ? 
are you talking about more 3rd party programs that should n't be allowed or an actual support character giving out text warnings ? 	an actual person playing support giving out timer updates . 
there 's no hack lol it 's just a program that times jungle spawns for you , like we already have ingame . not a big deal 	it does it automatically which is a huge problem . by using this he has an advantage over people following the no 3rd party programs rule . 
it doesnt , it shows the timer of buffs that you never saw die , pretty huge advantage , knowing the enemy buff spawn timer every time 	that 's not how it works . you need to have vision of the camp to have the time . 
how is he cheating ? all i see are jungle timers which are already in the game . 	then why use the program ? 
we are way beyond that point now . like it or not in western nations fat is the norm . its not time for denial . its time for fighting back 	this makes me very sad . i do n't want it to be true . ca n't we have a kind of ignorant logic like fat people do , where we just refuse to believe fat people exist ? 
this makes me very sad . i do n't want it to be true . ca n't we have a kind of ignorant logic like fat people do , where we just refuse to believe fat people exist ? 	we ca n't sink to their level like that , because we 're not heavy enough . 
that 's actually not such a crazy idea - have a free coffee included with every hour of wifi access purchased 	the other thing i was wondering was reselling phone plans . so get a phone plan and sell it on to people and call them all bob smith 
i took the advice of my peers on a torrent site . joined pia for a month to try it out . now paid up for a year . 	as a customer of pia for over a year and a half now , it is great . 
open a hipster cafe , sell wifi give away coffee 	that 's actually not such a crazy idea - have a free coffee included with every hour of wifi access purchased 
as a customer of pia for over a year and a half now , it is great . 	been using pia for several months now on a yearly subscription and have started using it full - time for a week now with no issues . 
seems like she watches a lot of school science how to 's from the 90 's . she did well though . 	she has actually taught frisky like 7 or 8 tricks and reads a lot about dog behaviors . it 's one of her passions . 
what 's the difference between the free and paid 	ads i believe . i never used the free version . 
is hightower a game mode ? 	hightower 's gamemodes are payload race and team deathmatch 
ahhh , you are a teenager . in that case , put on some headphones and go for a jog , i bet it helps . hell , you can jog to the store to get healthy stuff depending on how far away the store is . 	i 'd say too far away , because i have bad condition 
well , jesus lived 2000 years ago , so that dinosaur is n't quite 6000 . also , get rid of the grey hair , jesus will be in his 30s forever .   	moses saw jesus b4 then , i mean he was n't human then but jesus always existed . 
windows phones take screenshots , do not apple and android ? 	if i 'm honest with you i dunno if my phone can lol 
that shit never works , if it did , no one would die . 	or everyone would . and everyone would win the lottery . and there would n't be any unfortunate outcomes . 
gravity is theory . aviation is also a theory , and i see planes in the sky daily . 	not arguing evolution . i am a christian who believes in it . 
that 's also why the op joke does n't make sense . even if you 're an atheist , it 's still incorrect . 	i 'm not , and it made sense to me . do n't let stupid stuff like this get to you . it was funny . 
i do n't think god likes it when you talk that way 	errr i just spoke to him and he is speaking to you through me .  ima god 
awesome . i hate when this argument ends in bitterness . it 's refreshing to see such civility , especially on reddit . 	it 's certainly rare . i know it 's cliche but you have to remember the person behind the computer . 
why ca n't leviathan be a whale , and behemoth be a crocodile ? crocodiles are pretty damned big . 	crocs do n't blow out fire . whales do n't feed on land . 
gospels were written no less than 30 - 40 years after jesus died . there are new testament writers who never even met jesus , paul for example who wrote over half the new testament 	but god still put the words in their heads . 
the debate is n't about whether the earth is that age , it 's about whether the bible claims it is . 	no where in the bible does it say the earth is 6000 years old it is people using context clues . the age of earth was never specified . 
no this is not an illusion if you do n't want to acknowledge facts then that is called delusional . i was raised christian till the age of reason then i read books full of facts not stories  	no you missed the point of the example . it can be looked at and seen 2 different ways . and again resorting to name calling is low 
jesus did n't write the bible .  just sayin '	actually john 1 : 1 - 3 is usually interpreted to mean jesus is responsible for the word . 
well , it is still a theory . 	gravity is theory . aviation is also a theory , and i see planes in the sky daily . 
ah , thanks i missed that bit !  are you now claiming that dinosaurs could breath fire ? 	why not ? there is a bug that farts fire . 
crocs do n't blow out fire . whales do n't feed on land . 	fair enough . 
you 're asking people who believe in a god to apply logic to their rational ? 	i 'd like to see an attempt at least .   
it 's really hard to form an honest debate about the bible when it 's clear that neither side has actually read it . 	welcome to reddit ! where the arguments are real , but the facts do n't matter ! 
same . ken ham is delirious if he believes the world is 6000 years old . i am a man of science and god . i do n't believe everything a book written 3000 years ago says . 	well , for one the bible does n't say how old the earth is or does god seem concerned that we know . 
physics will happily flip your miata on dunes . sand will ruin your shit . it 's hard when you want it to be soft and soft when you want it to be hard . take it easy out there . 	when did anyone say anything about taking a miata on dunes ? i would only ever consider driving it on wide , flat , hard - packed beach sand thats already deemed open for public driving 
did you charge them for it and then pocket the money ? 	sometimes although it was only 22 cents . what i did was give people nickels instead of quarters and have 20 bucks average at the end of each day . there were many other methods i used . 
created the calorie free burger and chicken nugget . 	i think we should give that wonderful food to all starving children around the world . 
do n't worry , they 'll fix that for you .   	yeah and they 'll probably put mustard on it too 
i got a disease from their antibiotic - free chicken . 	i would thought this post would be the highest rated . it 's really stupid to be making antibiotic - free chicken . we tried in canada but we do n't have the climate , it does n't work . 
naw , it 's just cool to hate on since it 's unhealthy . 	which is a shame when it 's no more unhealthy than most other restaurants out there - and not just the big name chain fast food ones . 
my brother took a shit in the playground and we hid the shit under a rock then visited it whenever we went back . 	here we mark the rise of another titan of askreddit . 
took all their straws . i 'm the straw bandit . 	i heard of some people attempting to take all pencils at some ikea , but they got caught . 
am i the only one who loves the taste of mcdonald 's ? 	cocaine is also delicious . 
naw dude . when i worked there i charged people that did that shit . especially when they did it that way . 	you charged them for sauce ? thanks mister mcdonalds man 
which is a shame when it 's no more unhealthy than most other restaurants out there - and not just the big name chain fast food ones . 	food is n't unhealthy , eating habits are . 
which is a shame when it 's no more unhealthy than most other restaurants out there - and not just the big name chain fast food ones . 	really mcdonalds is n't all that fatty compared to some home cooking or proper restaurant cooking . 
i walked through the drive through . 	i did this while holding my hands as i would be holding a steering wheel . the lady even wished me a nice trip ! 
really mcdonalds is n't all that fatty compared to some home cooking or proper restaurant cooking . 	the sodium level is the most unhealthy part of most fast - food 
yeah but how do they taste ? 	i do n't know how it tastes , but it smells like shit ! 
so you 're fucking wrong . you claimed it had no potential to harm humans at all .  do n't exhibit the know it all attitudes fat fucks have 	ha okay pal . keep telling yourself that . and then keep telling people how dangerous aspartame is like the fucking moron you are . 
guess again dumbass . stop trying to side yourself with other people . the only one i 'm calling a moron is you . 	multiple people think you 're wrong . lol delusional 
ha okay pal . keep telling yourself that . and then keep telling people how dangerous aspartame is like the fucking moron you are . 	lol we 're the morons  i 'm going to assume you 're an ex fat fuck that 's all butthurt because your precious diet soda is n't a miracle like you though 
derive newton 's law of cooling , then bake cookies and use a temperature gun to know when to eat them . repeat the next day , but only use the law . 	for one of my hl physics design labs , i did this but instead of cookies i just did time it takes for cooling with a can of water in an ice bath . 
what did you do instead ? how did you store user data and associate it with a user ? 	simple email address input could be used for this . if a user has a issue they contact support directly and supply card numbers or some other sort of identification . 
that you have to pay to join ? 	you have to pay for a rec fees for the team to be register but if you do n't forfeit any games you get it back 
i do n't usually even build boots until later , if at all . i start with winged blade in almost every game , because it gives move speed and health . 	agree , good item but a more advanced knowledge - base , than a beginner 
i do n't think i 've laughed this hard in a while . the projectile vomit leaking out of the menu was too good . 	just posted the second part above if you have n't watched it yet and want more laughs 
if we made a monument to the victims of fascism would you have the same reservation ? 	yes , as that is again the idea of a governmental structure . blame the people responsible , not the idea . it is the people that use an idea to cause harm and destruction . 
as soon as we put up a memorial to the victims of american hegemony i 'll be ok with this pseudo - humanitarian , self - righteous farce . 	how abut a monument to the victims of canadian colonialism ? 
we do n't have dt depth though . 	but depth is easier to draft at dt than it is on the ol . a 4th rd dt can become a good rotational player . rarely do 4th round ots become starters or even rotational . 
i think the state of your franchise begs to differ . 	people always say this . i do n't get it . because of our pass rush , we 've been arguably an elite team besides the qb . our pass rush is a huge factor in our games . 
so essentially running a punt block in madden , right ? it works sometimes . 	i remember full fg block would work great in the older madden games .  especially with all your created players you named after your friends and were 7 feet tall , 325 pounds , and ran a 4 . 2 
market lane coffee - vic market . hit it up on the weekend . you 'll never drink anything else . 	only because it takes 3 weeks to finish one cup ? 
been about a month now after my last job finished and i still have n't been able to get a new one . job hunting is the worst . 	i spent 6 months last year looking for a job . not fun at all . 
i really feel like a coffee but my regular place has closed down and only they made it the way i like it . first world problems . 	move to melbourne , ca n't walk anywhere without seeing 50 coffee places 
might be interested to know that they recently released an online web app that lets you play online for free . should get a game going sometime . 	thank god , i was getting sick of that 3rd party one , even though they provided a great service . 
relevant user name ? 	unfortunately not . my username is the name i was going to use when my rap career took off . did n't work out . feels bad man . 
wow , a lot of people play board games . i only go as far as cards against humanity when i 'm drunk , and that ai n't even a board game . 	i wonder who amongst the a - league coaches would win a game of monopoly under standard rules ? 
well you could just go get your coffee every morning . that 'd be way more awkward though . 	also allows you to give her extra cream for giving you extra cream . 
i grabbed it because it seemed like something the wife might play . did i assume correctly ? 	hmmm does your wife like her friends she will play this with ? cause the whole goal of the game is to fuck over whoever is about to win . 
the new international terminal at lax is fantastic , but connections are miles away . 	at least they do n't charge you for going from international to domestic , unlike a certain sydney airport . 
congratulations ! i 'm doing the opposite soon , moving from sydney to sf as i got a transfer offer from my employer . 	sensational opportunity . i love sf . 
i do n't think i 've even seen it in stores , and i 've been here a month . i did see a guy drinking some one day , so i know it at least exists . 	red bottle next to coles at word square has them . i love to point them out to my ozzy gf . see you do really have them ! 
i never said it was the most beautiful , one of , definitely , in my subjective opinion . 	yup , you 're right . i misread you 're initial comment . my apologies . cheers ! 
maybe you should get some better skilled friends to play with . 	the crash happens if a friend kills someone too smart ass . 
no crashing ? or less crashing ? i am currently not home so i do n't want to get my hopes up 	well i rarely crash now . maybe once or twice every 4 or 5 hours of game . 
awesome ! t - force said there was n't going to be wifi calling but i hope i just had an uniformed rep . 	i sure as hell hope so as well c :   
this is really the last thing dust could of possibly needed . it 's just another broken game mechanic for people to hinge their gameplay on . 	jump into the sandbox and have some fun . its a game ! just look up next time you think you are safe 
jump into the sandbox and have some fun . its a game ! just look up next time you think you are safe 	i love how i get downvoted for being the only person supporting fair gameplay . 
your plastic cooling system exploded . to get the full details of the damage , you need to head to a mechanic . 	time to find a good mechanic then ! thank you ! 
also , your response indicates you vastly misinterpreted what i said and it would appear i misinterpreted you as well , and for that i apologize . 	i appreciate the apology . i 'm sorry if something you said got lost in translation and i jumped down your throat unnecessarily . can we let this go now ? 
i feel like posting your own pictures to subs like these is a massive ego trip . 	not just the picture , but complimenting yourself and winking at yourself . can we say self absorbed a little ? 
what are you trying to build ? are you using visual studio ? 	i have already built a few programs in vs such as a web browser running internet explorer 7 , as well as a few number generators 
that it is dirty . inmates take hygiene seriously , not just their own , considering they are forced to live with each other . 	what would happen if a big and bad inmate came across a smelly inmate ? 
overkill did not create hoxhud . so it cannot be in the console versions . 	unless they introduce it into the base game .  however , extremely doubtful . 
ok , i 'll give that a shot . thank you for the tip , and congrats on the full set . i 'll keep on working on mine lol 	no problem and thanks also try using iron sights and aim up with stock . 
advanced supply drops come from the store .  regular supply drops are just called supply drops . 	advanced supply drops are supply drops with better odds . you can purchase them , like you said , but you get a free advanced supply drop when you hit level 20 , 30 , 40 and when you prestige . 
i swear , anti - gun groups are the only people who lock comments on youtube . imo it shows they do n't want to have a discussion or be open to criticism . 	yea pretty much anyone who disables comments and ratings on youtube are full of shit . i first noticed it when creationists did it , now anti - gun groups . 
i think you need to do a bit more research on that guy . 	i was being sarcastic because he said at some point driving your car could be illegal . 
apparently we offended the anti - choice fundies with the truth . brace for downvotes . 	why pick a fight with your own ? focus .  i , as a christian , will gladly walk hand in hand with an atheist if they are going to help stand up for our gun rights . 
i do n't know , i 've never seen his face but the voice had me thinking the same thing . 	i have no doubt that 's the same guy . the voice is the same and the character is modeled after him , so they look the same as well . 
ironically starring the voice actor for the main protagonist , michael , from grand theft auto v . 	i came here just to make sure of this , oh the irony ! 
its all gotta be fake , 2 : 39 watch him pump the shotgun , specifically the breach 	all the guns in the video are airsoft replicas . its actually illegal to even hold a gun in a gun store without getting a permit first . 
its all gotta be fake , 2 : 39 watch him pump the shotgun , specifically the breach 	yeah the action did n't move and it sounded like plastic . 
i knew he was full of shit when he brought out a . 22 revolver to a woman who wanted something for protection . 	a . 22 that was clearly a much larger caliber . likely a . 45 long colt , looking at it . 
someone call vanilla ice and mc hammer , it 's time for a comeback . 	you have robert 's inmate identification number ? 
nah . the most should be around 250 - 300 k gold . 	i 'm positive that someone can have more than that at this point . there were people that had close to that a year ago . 
well something is missing in the equation because i knew a guy that had every legendary and actually showed me some tremendously valuable investments . 	all legendaries would be about 40k gold i guess ? thats still far from 100k .   
maybe it 's their first exposure to the extended universe . there 's nothing wrong with being enthusiastic about that . 	but then when 343i follows their own canon and not the pseudo canon they 've been taught , they 're going to either be confused or upset at 343i . 
why ? he 'd probably just get mad and say we 're wrong . so much of this stuff is his own view on the halo eu and i 'd be willing to bet he has not read the books nor researched any of this . 	i have read his stuff and he edits his stuff pretty regularly . he is also pretty open about the errors and welcomes criticism . 
years of work , where have you gone ? 	up the chimney with the rest of my ashes . 
since i ca n't be president i figured i 'd be a zen master 	you have my vote . 
i prefer to just type what i think , im not too concerned with being right all the time . 	read what you type , so you can see what you think is right 
what do you think you are getting by repeating dead words ? 	nothing more or less than living words . if i want life , i have life ; if i want death , i have death .  what do you think you are getting from an attachment to yes and no , life and death ? 
last time i stuck you with a stick for saying yes , now i strike for saying no . 	if you think an affirmation or denial of a senseless question is requisite for punishment , you require a firm whack . 
yes , yes all things have buddha nature 	then i hit you with a stick ! 
cane them till you break their skin , then pour salt on the wounds , and seal them with candle wax . 	i think my entire body just shriveled inside itself . 
this album was one of the first i bought . still play it from time to time . 	cus cus one the songs that got me interested in bay shit man , lotta nice tracks on this tape . 
op 's mom . omg , such a tramp , amirite guys ? 	dude . come on . she 's my girlfriend . show some respect . 
did you by any chance just replace the game files ?   	well , without rpg maker , there 's really nothing else i can do to edit the game . 
ginger ale for me too . diet , now , since i 've gained some weight due to increased sweets intake . 	i 've been eating candy like crazy , as in it is always on my grocery list now . it is n't doing me any favors considering i gained 15 pounds while i was in treatment . 
i started with something fizzy and drank water like it was my job at first . 	right . i do n't really like fizzy drinks . i like juice . maybe some mean green or something would be good . i like me some water too though ! 
dude do n't ruin your life for fucking disease and you will become addicted if you try it . find a good girl and you will be much more happier than a 5 min intercourse . 	thank you for the reply , i should have cleared things up , i 'm not talking about bring prostitutes , me and my gf are having problems finding a place to have sex . 
with the iphone 1 ! 	i think that 's an ipod but do n't quote me on that 
death of a mans dog e . g . i am legend .  i 'm still not over it . 	that 's super sad , i never want my friday to die !  edit : friday is my dog ; p 
when you think about it , buttholes are the only part of your body that can be wiped with only a dry piece of paper and be considered clean . even though it 's far dirtier than anything else . 	yeah , but it 's an asshole . i guess in the past they just shit and walked away , i dunno , rolled in the lake . it 's not your hand you touch things with , or your face . 
do not flush them ! you really should n't be flushing anything that 's not toilet paper , or it 'll definitely clog . 	i use baby wipes as make up wipes and flushing one or two by mistake wo n't kill your loo but continuously doing so probably will . 
yeah , but it 's an asshole . i guess in the past they just shit and walked away , i dunno , rolled in the lake . it 's not your hand you touch things with , or your face . 	well humans also used to squat when we shit and that would spread the cheeks making it more difficult for shit to get stuck . oh and we cleaned with our hands 
there 's a seat warmer ! 	yep . it heats the water too . just make sure you turn on the water heater first . 
yeah when you have to use a quarter of the roll just to get mostly clean then baby wipes are the shit , but yeah a bidet is the best option 	how the fuck do you even use a bidet ? i had one when i was a kid but was always too confused to use it . 
you must not have ever lived with a woman . 	wife has her own bathroom . i dont know , nor do i ask , what goes on in there . 
yeah , but it 's an asshole . i guess in the past they just shit and walked away , i dunno , rolled in the lake . it 's not your hand you touch things with , or your face . 	rub it in the grass . it 's a great fertilizer . me and my dog do it at the same time in the back yard . 
sounds like they drew city names out of a hat to name their game . 	it is really fun . giant robots with guns and swords for arms . simple but very rewarding to smash up other robots with a tricked out robot . 
looks like a hard thing to do . 	not if you have the right tool . 
you missed the joke ! 	their sense of humor is a bit flaccid . 
hard to believe hardware this bad is only four years old . 	handhelds do n't age well . 
think new york and broadway shows .  what about all those touring companies ?  hell entertainment in general is up to its chin in nutsack .   	god damn it man . i almost dropped my ipad . 
why do n't you just watch it in full screen mode ? o . o 	i watch on a tv hooked up to my pc and it cuts off the edges of the screen . i ca n't see the timer if i do , which is annoying . otherwise i would 
did you try to change the resolution settings on the pc , when it 's hooked up ?   	yeah it does n't help . apparently tv 's always cut off edges of anything they receive , no idea why it 's dumb . changing res . does n't help unfortunately 
do we really need to post this every time he plays ? 	this is my first time posting and he 's my favorite player . im watching the game and he is getting the ball a lot against a weaker team . so there 's a good chance 
in reality , yes it is . but it 's born from the idea of pizza . and it did n't take that long . about an hour total prep and cook time . 	well , it does look awesome too . i would eat that all day . 
so much work . too long to make .  why call it a deep - dish . it 's a casserole . 	in reality , yes it is . but it 's born from the idea of pizza . and it did n't take that long . about an hour total prep and cook time . 
still looks delicious . i 'm gonna try this exact recipe sometime .  edit . but i think ill use gouda cheese too and cilantro . 	i suggest chopping the chicken a bit more finely than i did . i also used a bit too much sauce . it tastes fine , but it contributes to the unstable nature if the pie . 
as far as i know , all products i 've bought as open box from best buy has had the original manufacturer 's warranty like it was new etc . 	correct . even open items carry the same warranty as new products 
wow . blatant reposting someone 's thing and then advertising on his post . you really give out the handjobs for some karma huh 	if karma is so irrelevant , why does it matter if someone reposts something ?  i do n't give a fuck who posted it , this is the first time i saw it . let it go , nerds . 
you can earn 700 gold in just a week or so , with ok rerolling and earning 30 - 50 gold from 3 - victory runs . 	if you get 50 gold back from an arena run , you 've lost 100 gold on it . you need to be getting more than 150 as a reward for it to be worthwhile . 
oh - yes that 's actually well possible . dunno how you earn 50 gold from 3 victory runs though ? 	do it 5 times ! 
the camera man sold that better than cole did . 	thats because it killed cole .  you cannot sell when you are dead .   
if he hits well he has a shot at getting a lot of at bats . guy should be excited . 	agreed . as long as edwin 's back is doing well , he hits . makes our team better having him here . 
maybe lose the draft history ? i was just kidding about linking that kid to the sidebar . i just love that otter , and wanted to say hello . in my own way of course . 	i second that draft history should be the first to go . that being said our mods are goat and i trust their decision making . 
be better and a little more applicable if there were actual sharks in the water with him . meditate underwater with chum in your pockets next time , keenan . slacker . 	everyone knows that if you want to win worlds , you have to carry rocks underwater . 
i died after reading this comment , my funeral is next week , you 're invited . 	i 'm coming , but as a dead person too . this comment was too much for me either . 
yo who the fuck are you calling gay , bro ? wanna bang , huh ? want me to bang you really hard ? me and my bros will bang you , bro ! 	i 'll take you hard bro , i 'll have your ass and pound it any day of the week . come at me brah ! 
the fuck ? can someone give some details ? 	he wants to bang , bro . 
i think they derive pleasure from hurting people . 	and i 'm sure you derive pleasure from watching people get hurt and pretending to hurt people in video games , gtfo with that stuff 
the fuck ? can someone give some details ? 	he wants to bang but the other guy and whitney houston wo n't let him . seemed clear to me . 
this is my absolute favorite color , plus your dog is amazing 	i was n't sure about the color when i saw it online , but once i saw it the sun i loved it ! yeah murray is a little lady killer . 
do you know the official name of the color off of subaru . com ? 	it 's called plasma blue 
ahh , the old pascal 's wager . well hopefully you bet on the right god 	one can only hope , eh ? 
seeing if your ping changes should tell you if it 's still loading or not . 	when i play with my ethernet cable plugged in , it never moves constantly at 61 . then when the game does n't start even though everyone is at 100 i always get nervous that my game froze . 
call it what you want , but this is just a form of slavery . 	it 's been like this for tens of thousands of years . it 's human nature 
not sure why you downvoted , that 's part of what he is accused in the court . 	web brigades stronk . 
i would like to specify i clicked on this with the hope of a healthy chicken breast recipe discussion . 	what kind of sauce do you use on yours ? i do n't like barbecue on grilled chicken , so i am trying to find an alternative . 
wait will these cards be standard legal ? 	magic origins is the final core set , which were all standard legal . 
if it happens a lot are you saying humans can see the future in a limited way ? 	it does n't happen to everybody , and sometimes it does n't happen often . just make sure to try and write down every dream you have 
that 's my biggest question . what 's going on down on earth right now ? everyone left but what was left behind ? 	a dying planet that cannot sustain human life . 
hdd could be dying . have you checked smart data ? 	no idea what that is . 
yankee 's post - game . not a yankee 's game . 	still the yankees . anything yankees related trumps anything nets , man city , or nycfc related on their own cable network . 
psa : it will be live on sky sports which will be shown at ryan 's daughter in upper east side for locals . 	i 'll be there ! just like all the other nycfc away games . i absolutely love that bar and the staff . it 's a bit of a trek from park slope , but absolutely worth it . 
i do n't believe so because supposedly you can watch it live on the fox sports app 	but the mls live feed will presumably still be blacked out in the nyc market . 
yeah but i was referencing the fox sports broadcast . would n't that be televised nationally ? 	yes , but the game is n't on fox sports . 
its about context . what purpose does a timbers fan have posting about a nycfc match being tape delayed on this sub ? 	it 's a mls sub where everyone is free to post as they please you goomba . quit thinking everyone has it out for nycfc you are giving them a bad name by your posts alone . 
wait , so you 're telling me the yankees entertainment sports network are making the yankees the number one priority ? 	its just another opportunity to put down nycfc . this is n't the first time an mls game has been tape delayed but i could n't find any other posts on this sub about a game being on tape delay . 
do the yes broadcasts of nycfc have pre or post game coverage ? 	yes , they said they 'll be doing original programming for them too . like a documentary series about the team . 
batters can only step out of the box after a swing or contact , something like that . pitch timers i think are being tested in the minors 	being a die hard phillies fan and watching most games , it 's pretty entertaining seeing batters try and break habits they 've had for years . 
they can sell 50 , 000 tickets . does n't mean shit if most of those people do n't show up . 	yeah it does , the money that bought the tickets matters most . 
wait , so you 're telling me the yankees entertainment sports network are making the yankees the number one priority ? 	yankee 's post - game . not a yankee 's game . 
still the yankees . anything yankees related trumps anything nets , man city , or nycfc related on their own cable network . 	i 'm nearly positive that they would n't delay a nets game for postgame yankees . 
you 're not wrong , i 'd just like to be able to see the game live is all . 	i 'd love to see them jump from the game straight into the nycfc , promote it as a double feature .  i think we get enough post game , and you can always look it up on the web now . 
its just another opportunity to put down nycfc . this is n't the first time an mls game has been tape delayed but i could n't find any other posts on this sub about a game being on tape delay . 	you 're just doing our job for us . 
batters can only step out of the box after a swing or contact , something like that . pitch timers i think are being tested in the minors 	i wish the pitcher could just signal the umpire to walk a batter , instead of having to throw four useless pitches . 
i 've got a pink t - shirt and pink - maroon pants . haters gonna hate . 	pink 's a boss color 
pink 's a boss color 	hell yeah ! especially if someone can pull it off . rock that pink ! 
i do n't get how people can spend that much money for a purse . like that 's just a crazy amount of money to spend . craziness ! 	my sister has a purse that cost more than my computer . why would you do that ! 
oh i like the colour purple , it 's one of my favourites , just not for trousers . 	haha i get what you mean . i probably would n't wear purple pants around either lol 
do n't hate on purple : p 	oh i like the colour purple , it 's one of my favourites , just not for trousers . 
nice fit , personally i would n't button the top 	wore it for the rest of the day without and i definitely prefer it too . 
anybody actually won a game like this ? 	i read a manual for one of these machines , where you can set it so it has to be played at least say 700 times before the top prize can even have a chance to be won . 
anybody actually won a game like this ? 	yep . i won a fake ipod . even the buttons were fake , i should have inspected the machine first . 
i know this is how it was for the g1 toy and i find it funny they were like yeh screw it we will stick with this . 	i think they realise that they 'd be damned if they kept it and damned if they changed it so they said fuck it , hand stands for life ! 
i feel like if this kid was n't raised in such a weird environment , he would do great things . 	king curtis for president ! 
not really , the frame rate should be pretty good if you pair it with a really good gpu . 	750 ti is what i got currently , i 'm upgrading my cpu for gta v 
750 ti is what i got currently , i 'm upgrading my cpu for gta v 	then you 'll get what you can get from your gpu then , go for the 4690 . get a good gpu after though . 
i 'll have to play some beastmaster and get a feel for the hero , i have n't played him since april 20th , 2012 . 	please do , new boar and hawk are much much stronger 
dude this is completely wrong . max axes first , then aura , skip animals level stats , ulti at 6 , 11 , 16 . 	i agree with op , in fact i go pig level 1 , then q , q . i do n't even take aura until both are maxed . 
yup , 300 damage is nothing late game compared to how much the average carry dishes out while bkb 'd . 	the notable exception is if your team has enough burst damage to kill them inside the roar duration , its usually better to just deal with them immediately . 
how do you check your ranking with a hero ? 	i think you need to pay for the premium service if you are n't in the top 100 . to check the top 100 , click the heroes pages , then a hero , then click player rankings . 
so you 're saying you should wait for bkb before roaring ? would n't you lose the damage , or is it worth it to waste the bkb duration ? 	yup , 300 damage is nothing late game compared to how much the average carry dishes out while bkb 'd . 
for both times ? o . o 	just the first haha , chose sleep over it , did n't regret : p 
they are most commonly known to surface through toilet water and also the drain pipes in a bath tub . 	so nice to read while currently shitting . 
please tell me this is from some movie . it 's got to be . 	nope , completely real . i can probably find the youtube video of it when it was previously posted about a week ago . 
what the fuck is that ? do i have one in my house too ? 	they are most commonly known to surface through toilet water and also the drain pipes in a bath tub . 
wooooo let 's go etc . tbh i 've run out of steam . let 's hope we do n't embarrass ourselves any more this season . 	i know the feeling . wind is out of my sails and i 'm finding it hard to keep the faith . 
ah . well in that case , why do you care to tell me it was stupid ? 	learning is important . 
oh do n't worry that 's an american thing too matt is just a d - bag 	that top check was only for 4k .   
something about filling out a direct deposit form just seems like it 'll be a hassle . hell , i bet matt hardy has one on his kitchen table right now . 	you can do that shit on your bank 's app . they 've made it pretty easy . 
who does n't have direct deposit anymore , honestly ? 	i definitely would n't expect a company with independent contractors to get direct deposit . 
sounds to me like he 's confirming those . there 's 5 checks aka he just got paid 5 past pay periods at once . 	he said often . does n't sound late to me 
what if they are daily figures ? 	do n't they tape once a month ? 
cs : go ? confused , what is the big deal ? is orion a skin ? what 's happening in the pictures ? 	probably some useless skin that people put high value on . 
bio enrollment - as in the fingerprint readers that are in some laptops . 	interesting that it shows up as an app then . 
i would like to remember the people who died in service for their great country when we forcibly stepped on to help haiti . 	agreed . our nameless countrymen who wave our flags and fight our battles , are truly the heroes of our great nations . 
i 'm working on mine at the moment !  there 's not many submissions so far though so let 's see your code ! 	cool ! ca n't wait to see it . 
wait why do n't you just change the appstore language in the settings app ? 	i did but the app is still in english for some reason . 
you hit the nail on the head . tech savvy does not mean your ready for the corporate and political side of the industry . that can be a huge learning curve . 	dealing with corporate politics is arguably the harder part . especially in larger companies . 
it 's illegal to be called a network engineer in canada as the title engineer is protected . my company has network specialists and network architects . 	that 's interesting . is it because it 's only reserved for licensed engineers ? i know in the states you can get a professional engineering license , not sure if it 's similar in canada . 
about a year to go from admin to junior then another to engineer .  it was n't technical knowledge but corporate knowledge that took the time . 	you hit the nail on the head . tech savvy does not mean your ready for the corporate and political side of the industry . that can be a huge learning curve . 
dealing with corporate politics is arguably the harder part . especially in larger companies . 	i recently went from a company of 200 employees to one with 6000 . let 's just say i wish i had more layer 8 experience . 
canadian here , my title was network engineer at a previous job .  no fucks were given .  never actually heard of this being an issue though . 	someone i know ran into it when setting up a company with engineering in the name .  nobody cares what title you call yourself until it gets tied to something official . 
i knew i recognized that voice . it 's basically timmy from fairly odd parents on the back of a giant monster . 	she does the same voice for every character though . 
yeah and look up the voice actor for kotal kahn , that shit will blow your mind . 	damn , now he needs a limbo god style . 
she does the same voice for every character though . 	the only ones that sound the same to me are bubbles and toot . 
yeah and look up the voice actor for kotal kahn , that shit will blow your mind . 	well , its not the first time a character he 's playing is slashing his own chest with a knife . 
is this dead or still happening ? 	sorry . did n't see your post . but it is . 
nsfw is applied to content that is deemed not safe for work , although reddit is nsfw 	since your comment is on reddit , it 's also nsfw , as mine is . 
i 'm gonna go with titanic . it was good for the time , but if that sense of nostalgia did n't carry so much social currency , it would not be nearly as popular today . 	look me in the eye and say your heart wo n't go on ! 
there is a difference between telling him about her daughter and introducing them . 	exactly but why drag this relationship out longer when you can see how he 'll be around the kid ? she 's not 5 and looking for a new dad , she 's 15 months .   
well that 's true . i 'm just thinking about me , and my friends , and the girls i date , so i know there 's some selection bias there . 	people generally tend to be drawn towards others who think like them . chances are if you like to party and socialize you would find friends and girlfriends that do the same . 
you make it sound like you met her on the internet . please tell me she did n't introduce her 15 month old to a guy she met on the internet 3 weeks ago ? 	i know someone who introduced her 5 kids to a guy and his 3 kids within a couple days of meeting on pof . people do crazy shit . 
interesting that it actually flies ! most nms ships would have trouble flying in real life from my rudimentary knowledge of how planes work , given how back - heavy a lot of them are . 	it seems that the ship actually has propellers at the front . i guess it was necessary 
you need to play with a group of people that you know irl or in here . trust me , if you do that , online is 100x funnier . 	this . solo online is pretty damn horrible . been playing with 3 other friends and damn , have n't had single boring moment with them . 
even without the quotes it 's completely obvious they 're not accidents to anyone with decent reading comp . 	i know . at this point i 'm just here to see how similar this thread turns out to the exact same one made last week . 
what 's the third one ? i 've only seen hot fuzz and shaun of the dead 	the worlds end .  great movie . flips the script with simon pegg playing the fuckup and frost playing the straight man . 
the worlds end .  great movie . flips the script with simon pegg playing the fuckup and frost playing the straight man . 	what genre do they take on ?  edit were n't they both fuck ups in shaun of the dead ? 
he took the description right from netflix . 	i know because it is identical to the post made last week . 
i am the successor . i command that you all go home and stop being shitty . also stop touching little girls . 	i 'm pretty sure isis members do n't hang out on reddit 
you basically have to stay off the internet and strictly watch the draft if you actually want this to happen . 	the nba tried to do this , but the best nba insider works at yahoo so he had a great time breaking every single draft pick to twitter 
on twitter some reporters always post them before they announce them . 	sign off of it during the draft , then . or watch the draft at a bar . 
may i ask what your favorite part is ? 	the end . 
on twitter some reporters always post them before they announce them . 	imma stay away from twitter . i love suspense 
nah . you can have the perfect setup but still get an overall bad grade for shitty delivery 	or in his case , terrible setup and delivery . 
i just wait until the draft is over . its not like getting the information immediately is going to have any impact on life 	it 's fun to see people 's reactions to the picks . 
i mean the home run derby has to be the hardest announcer job there is . you have to keep people entertained for like 3 hours and it 's just the same thing over and over . 	just hire a bunch of stand up comedians to call the derby with whoever and let the comedians keep it entertaining .  i might actually watch the derby with the sound on for once . 
i think his dad is trying to steal his fame . 	ah live through mah kids .  or something .  i thought it would be funny . i was wrong . 
doubtful but it would definitely be all expenses paid . 	they also receive a ton of free merchandise from nfl sponsors . 
on twitter some reporters always post them before they announce them . 	then stay off twitter during the draft . easy . 
rise and shine . 	and give god the glory glory !  edit : it 's a song from when i was a kid but i guess most people do n't get it . it was a risky choice , i admit , but i 'll just leave it here anyway . 
was that when we smashed you 6 - 1 ? have fun in league 1 mate . 	we will enjoy league 1 ! we might actually win a match that is n't charlton or leeds 
so satisfying to send millwall down . the behaviour of their fans at our place was some of the worst my club has ever witnessed . vile club 	in fairness mate it was n't like your fans were good as gold either , if you incite violence in a fixture like that you ca n't act all shocked when a couple of blokes kick off . 
feel bad for wigan fans , after the fantastic fa cup win in 2013 . hope you come back to the prem soon .  having said that , lol fuck off millwall 	wigan can goto hell . 
fuck off millwall , south london is ours ! 	you can have it , it 's a shit hole 
we will find a way did you see our first goal let in against millwall ? the defence is a joke 	we ca n't score or defend , 1 win in 13 league games and 5 defeats in a row .   
fuck . im sure it was only a couple years ago when wigan beat city in the fa cup final 	and they took us to penalties in the semis last year after beating city again in the quarters . 
could end up with an away day to plymouth too . fun times . 	we 'd have to win the play - offs for that . 
that 's a bit unfair , at least portsmouth has a fan base . 	coming from a chelsea fan . hah . 
that 's a bit unfair , at least portsmouth has a fan base . 	and their fall was due to the financial issues . what 's wigan 's excuse ? 
ahh chelsea and wigan , sworn rivals 	it 's an irrational hatred i 've had for many years , not entirely sure why but i ca n't stand the club . 
he broke a pregnant woman 's arm and then ran away . i 'm sorry but this guy is an immoral cunt . 	then ran back to grab his cash , then run away again . 
in support of the ufc i will still buy this card bc they put what 's right before what 's profitable , hats off to the ufc and i hope jon can get his life together and make a comeback . 	yep - have to respect their move in this case . good for the sport 
eh , i never really got the big deal about this . fighters talk mess pre - fight . he does n't pretend to be some wholesome guy despite what cormier kept saying then . 	he threatened to murder cormier several times , and with a very straight face . i 've never seen another fighter do this . 
i wear glasses too and it 's so hard for me to wear eyeshadow because it 'll never be noticeable . your look really pops with the glasses too , i am deff going to give this a try . 	i 've always been of the school of thought that , it 's all gonna get toned down , glasses are a good excuse to kind of go nuts ! even when i do n't wear shadow i wear wings almost every day . 
to be fair , almost every guy cast was a misogynistic alpha - male , and jeff always loves an alpha - male . 	to say that most of the men cast are misogynists is just blatantly not even close to being true . can we snap out of this hate circle jerk ? 
this season is so ok it 's average . not top 5 like it was hyped up to be . 	this season 's like bottom 6 . 
i find this very hard to believe . since i regularly let my truck and other vehicles sit for months at a time . never had a problem . 	diesel has a much longer shelf life , but a large portion of people in the states use mostly ethanol blends due to local regulations . 
i 'm telling you man utd and a summer transfer window just do n't go well . we are the most retarded top club in the transfer window . 	will you still say that if we sign bale ? why not reserve judgement until it 's over ? do n't forget we signed two of the best players in the world on deadline day last summer . 
signing bale might turn depay off . if he 's competing with bale , di maria , young , adnan etc then he might feel like there 's a better opportunity elsewhere .   	eh , end of the day if that 's the case i 'd rather a guy willing to fight for his place . determination and commitment is very important as ronaldo has shown . 
signing bale might turn depay off . if he 's competing with bale , di maria , young , adnan etc then he might feel like there 's a better opportunity elsewhere .   	correct me if i 'm wrong , but would having memphis and bale play on opposite wings not be the way to go ? genuine question . 
anything over 25 mill and we should call it a day and spend the money on someone else ,  saying that though he is the top scorer in his league .   	disagree depay is gonna be something special and its obvious that he is . i honestly think he 'll earn more than double 30m in shirt revenue for united that is if we manage him properly 
i was skeptical that a book so old could still hold true today , but it really does . i would go so far as to say it 's the only book on the subject you ever need to read . 	yeah but it does get kinda repetitive . i dont need examples of the exact same point to understand it . 
'how to win friends and influence people 'is a great beginner book , despite its age . i would also be interested in seeing other suggestions . 	i was skeptical that a book so old could still hold true today , but it really does . i would go so far as to say it 's the only book on the subject you ever need to read . 
yeah but it does get kinda repetitive . i dont need examples of the exact same point to understand it . 	i can understand what you mean by repetitive , but that 's how you drive points home . it 's a good teaching tool that leaves you more likely to thoroughly understand the material in question . 
it 's kinda hard but i 'll try ! 	i bet you 'll make lots of new friends showing out that nice body : p 
is n't he from hawaii ? or did he move there ? 	im not sure if he was born and raised or moved here , but there certainly are some redneck - like people that live here lol . 
dyrus 's dad is the typical low iq southern redneck 	hey man he cares about his son and whats the best for him . he knows more about the scene than any old redneck . that mans given us the best north american top laner ever . 
obviously not every single time i fight them , but yes , i have . they were n't overly frustrating or impossible to kill , if that 's what you 're getting at . 	there 's your problem . replay the entire campaign 5 - 6 times over on legendary . knights are a fucking pain , and yet at the same time , stupidly easy . 
this guy should know he 's arguing with a legendary campaign youtube star lol you still hate 4s campaign , that 's a shame lol i 'll have my xbox back soon , we need to play halo when i do ! 	sup man . you out of boot ? 
i would n't . the espn deal puts some pretty tough restrictions on other broadcasters . if they were n't announced simultaneously , i 'm not necessarily expecting to hear about them later . 	they 've done this , what two years now ? each time espn only covers the big games and another provider covers the pool play games . espn only cares about semis and finals . 
nah dude - i 'm 280 and i use an 85 , and i love it . i think the half your weight thing is a silly guideline . 	probably more like half your weight if you weigh between 100 and 180 . otherwise just go for the top or bottom of what 's normally offered . 
is this meant to be good news ? 	we won the last game he pitched in . he has n't given up any runs yet . i 'd put it in the good news category . 
thanks man . follow up question . why does n't the voice chat work in the regular game ? 	it used to work but caused some issue i 'm unaware of , so they turned it off .  voip was usually the difference between winning and losing , i 'd settle for a voice command rose . 
thanks man . follow up question . why does n't the voice chat work in the regular game ? 	voice chat is left over from the previous devs , but they never finished it . the current devs have n't been at it long enough to get to working on voip . 
it takes 5 - 7 working days . so you should receive your money no later than tuesday . 	thanks , i got the money some days ago but i had no internet connection , just came back . 
i 'm sure you 've done it , but i did n't see it listed . i have to exit out of steam a lot , then restart it , then start the game before it will launch correctly . 	like sign out of steam and re - sign in ? because as of now i just have steam as always open and logged in . 
i 'll try and get back to windows 8 . 1 hopefully that 'll solve some things but i just did n't want to go through with that burden , but if i ca n't find a solution soon i will go to 8 . 1 	that will pry be it . you should always dual boot a developing os . good luck with your issue 
i honestly did n't realize third eye blind was still together 	i went to one of their shows a couple years ago . they 're pretty great live . they 're co - headlining a tour this summer with dashboard confessional . 
til third eye blind made an album 6 years ago . 	we pretend they did n't though , it was n't great . 
yeah it sucks cause the song with the lyrics is definitely a standout on blue . i recently got the vinyl remaster for my wife 's birthday and it sounds amazing . 	that song 's live version is perfect . the studio version with lyrics pulled is perfect as well . 
i honestly did n't realize third eye blind was still together 	they played at music midtown last year and they were great . still sound like they used to . 
did they play new stuff , or would someone who has n't listened to them since semi - charmed life was on the radio enjoy their show ? 	dude ca n't sing live . 
i honestly did n't realize third eye blind was still together 	they are touring now , tickets are on sale and they are inexpensive . got myself a pair about a month ago . 
til third eye blind made an album 6 years ago . 	i thought the album was great . 
they are touring now , tickets are on sale and they are inexpensive . got myself a pair about a month ago . 	me too ! i actually saw them last year ago in portland as well . honestly one of my top 3 favorite bands of all time lol 
sorry , but it 's just not third door down without slash . 	slash is n't a person . he 's more like a feeling in your heart , you know ? 
they are touring now , tickets are on sale and they are inexpensive . got myself a pair about a month ago . 	i saw them last year in kc , it was a great show . 
was that for real ? 	i think it 's a bit obvious he 's kind of taking a piss here . 
this is awesome news ! third eye blind is my secret shame . all 4 of their studio albums are great - packed with catchy pop songs . 	the first ten songs or so of their debut album is one of my favorite driving albums . 
i wish they would step back from the mic , my friend . 	we could , cut ties with all those guys in third eye blind 
sorry , but it 's just not third door down without slash . 	i think this is so funny because every time i hear either third eye blind , system of a down , and some other band i think they are the same band . 
does n't the world have enough problems right now ? 	it 's amazing how much better music makes them . 
i honestly did n't realize third eye blind was still together 	i saw them play last summer at the san diego county fair . it 's a long fall from the top i guess . 
okay , not a problem ! are you local to ny , or the tri state area by any chance ? 	nh , i might be willing to make the 4 hour trip if it drops the price enough . 
sometimes the only way you can protect yourself is by walking into a police station carrying an assault rifle . 	if the cops did anything like drawing their guns these guys would never get their guns up in time anyway . it 's so dumb what these guys are doing . 
a girl did kinda the same to me some days ago , now she is flirting with my best friend , life does suck sometimes 	women or buddies , only one .  now they 're all far away from u .   
still the same age though . but that does n't mean that some people start caring about their futures earlier than others . 	wait what ? year 12 is usually 17 - 19 year olds 
who needs friends anyways ? 	i 'm not saying boot your friend . just better to learn about her now as opposed to later . however , it does suck that it 's your friend she 's flirting with . 
a girl did kinda the same to me some days ago , now she is flirting with my best friend , life does suck sometimes 	i 'm sorry dude that sucks . i have n't talked to her since but i 'd be pretty cut if she was flirting with my friends 
i 'm sorry dude that sucks . i have n't talked to her since but i 'd be pretty cut if she was flirting with my friends 	i 'm sorry for you too .  i refuse to quit , i want give up my friend , and i want give up on her yet ! 
or it 's a sign of maturity and respect when you can both sit down and do it calmly in person 	not really a sign off maturity of you 're fixated on your feelings . 
a girl did kinda the same to me some days ago , now she is flirting with my best friend , life does suck sometimes 	homie hoppers man . ca n't be trusted . best you figured that out now . 
mine 's yellow , what colour 's yours ? 	just a regular old black one ! 
i 'm an android fanboy , but the news that the windows 10 phones can also behave as a windows computer when mounted has me interested . might pick up a cheaper one in the future . 	once upon a time , there were android phones with a similar feature . phones like the motorola droid bionic . i had one of those phones .  i never used that feature . 
you must 've smelt like roses and cream . 	it was a truly unique smell . 
he probably did n't even realise at first . maybe she wore more makeup then , we do n't really know . but either way - preferences can change and that does 't make him a dick . 	preferences can change , but assuming your so will change with those preferences is a dick move . 
that 's fine and all and i mentioned it in the post that yeah , this is kind of dickish . but rubbing it in makes no sense , downvote me and move on or give me some advice , but not this . 	you really thought there would n't be a single person to give you shit ? 
i came her for advice , not to be laughed at . thanks , dickhead . 	you want you girlfriend to change how she looks for you just because other women wear make up . you do n't see how that kinda makes you a dick ? 
protip : do n't compare your so with other random women on the street . 	also , famous models and movie stars . 
you want you girlfriend to change how she looks for you just because other women wear make up . you do n't see how that kinda makes you a dick ? 	that 's fine and all and i mentioned it in the post that yeah , this is kind of dickish . but rubbing it in makes no sense , downvote me and move on or give me some advice , but not this . 
i have n't seen a single blazing flower and i run a lot of dailies with random players . 	by the end of the week you 'll be seeing me . 
that makes sense , but how ? just hit it with a torch but varying location and length of time ? 	also with the size of the flame . a spot flame will make it very hard to achieve those patterns , but a wide flame makes it easy . 
that makes sense , but how ? just hit it with a torch but varying location and length of time ? 	keep the torch moving but hold it a bit longer on the spots you want to go further in the spectrum , with a bit of practice you 'll be able to pull it off every time . 
what 's a bb jury ? 	bodybuilding jury , or judge , whatever , the guy that gives points at shows 
when i get home , i will create the democratic socialist party . 	sounds great , thank you for participating . 
do we get to campaign in the constituency to convince folks to vote for us ? 	there will be debates , where constituencies can ask questions . you can also post political posters , whatever , to pander for votes . 
gaps in the spectrum will hopefully be filled by other political parties , though i could make a center - right party to even things out . 	one solution might be to have a gm - run social conservative party and just pretend that the next player - created social - conservative party is successful enough to absorb it . 
you mad bro ? 	why would i be angry ? 
i 'm there , i 've got half a moldy onion i dove to add flavor . anyone got a pot ? 	excellent . i 've had this persistent cough that i suspect i need antibiotics in order to cure . the mold ought to do nicely .   
why would stannis fight a war for the throne then hand it to someone else ? 	i do n't think jon snow would ever want to be king . 
why would stannis fight a war for the throne then hand it to someone else ? 	he did n't want to be king , he was next in the succession so he had no choice but to fight for his rights . 
that 's really top work . where 's the mini from ? 	the bust is from painting buddha ! check them out i know the two guys that run it and they are great ! 
stannis would have been king if it was n't for wildfire . 	i know , but that just proves superior numbers wont win the throne easily 
alright . if margaery was pregnant when renly died as a king , would the child become the heir to the throne ? 	but renly was afraid of getting margaery to bed . so , it seems unlikely that she would get pregnant . 
but renly did n't have shadow babies 	renly could use any other methods once he was close to stannis , such as assassins in the night or poison . 
ooh , test her high - frequency hearing limits while you 're at it ! 	i wonder what i should play . she 's got a pretty open mind . 
yes , please , that would be great ! 	happy to help . 
death to the abomination born of incest . one god . one realm . one king . stannis ! 	stannis has no claim so long as the one true queen walks the earth . he can test her , but if he does he will meet his end in fire . 
all hail king joffrey ! the greatest and nicest person to ever live ! 	death to the abomination born of incest . one god . one realm . one king . stannis ! 
bullshit . how can the man that gravity forgot have a weight ? little things . 	he has a mass . 
would one need co2 to keep them alive or would just a planted plus work ? 	i hear people need co2 , and then i hear some people make it work with just excel . but the consensus is some form of carbon is needed usually 
i fucked up today . i thought i did a sick burn and now i think i hurt the person , i 'm going to apologize tomorrow . 	that 's such a horrible feeling ! but i 'm proud of you for having the strength to own up to it . the other person will be grateful for your kind words . 
that 's such a horrible feeling ! but i 'm proud of you for having the strength to own up to it . the other person will be grateful for your kind words . 	thanks man , i 'll update you about it tomorrow . 
intentionally left open to interpretation . 	moral of the story : never check who 's at your door d : 
i liked her in donnie darko . well she did n't have a big role , but it was a fun movie . 	what part was she in ? i never saw her only her brother the main lead obviously . awesome movie btw 
lol i love how these idiots make it sound like men do n't reach a limit . i recall lots of people laughing at stallone when he made rocky 6 because he was old . 	and people talked shit about all the old dudes in the expendables , but sly is laughing all the way to the bank . 
except it wo n't work when you have movies like fast and the furious . 	less films and more that my dick ca n't get hard for a wrinkled 40 year old . 
fuck i fell for it . but damn look at those curves . i would put my meat to it and add some carrot and celery and slow cook that bitch . 	baby , you got a stew going . 
stop trying to be the hot love interest . betty white never stopped doing film , but there 's a point when you do n't get to be the hot girl anymore . 	and if anyone ever thought maggy gyllenhaal was hot well i can see the issue . 
stop trying to be the hot love interest . betty white never stopped doing film , but there 's a point when you do n't get to be the hot girl anymore . 	yup . hurt her ego more than anything . she felt bad , then got mad , then just laughed . hamster spinning away . 
considering the cosmetics are done by a different team , no reason it has n't been fixed yet . 	that team is also creating content for the game . 
it 's not about faking like i 'm on any wifi while on cellular . it has to be my home network . 	oh well in that case , i do n't know any tweak that can help you . maybe there is a flex patch ? why does this app have to use your home network ? what does it even do ? 
i specifically want to watch a baseball game that is n't available on any of these streaming apps . 	okay but that does n't change by being on your home network though . that 's just an unfortunate reality of the app . 
i do n't think it 's fair to mention airbnb . they do n't actually own any of the properties . 	why ? it 's part of his experience . 
maybe it was a nazi spoon collected by an american soldier that somehow found its way into the regular spoon usage ?  i 'd recommend op not steal it . 	i am really not sure how i feel about war trophies . it seems to be in bad taste at a minimum , and downright evil depending on where it came from . 
maybe it was a nazi spoon collected by an american soldier that somehow found its way into the regular spoon usage ?  i 'd recommend op not steal it . 	i think i 'm going to let the guy know about it .  it just does n't feel right to take it . your probably right it might have been brought back by his grandfather after wwii 
worth a decent amount on ebay . 	makes me wonder how often people try to steal their silverware mid - meal . 
nope . they banned the sale of nazi memorabilia .  edit : i have nothing against collecting nazi memorabilia , i have a few items . i just thought ebay had banned it from their site . 	why ? i assume many collectors would buy nazi memorabilia without being nazis . 
the amount of people advocating stealing this is crazy . 	honestly that 's a cool item . i would n't steal it , i 'd offer to buy it from them . 
petty theft ai n't shit until somebody smacks you over the head with a shovel . 	haha jokes on you , i done stole the shovel last thursday ! 
sickly ? the asparagus around here grown fresh is the size of my thumb around at the base . 	yeah sickly green . like snot . 
then why can i find a lot of ww2 german military equipment and weapons ? do those not count ? 	some things are exempt , if you google ebay nazi their policy is the first link . 
nope . they banned the sale of nazi memorabilia .  edit : i have nothing against collecting nazi memorabilia , i have a few items . i just thought ebay had banned it from their site . 	interesting cause i buy nazi memorabilia from there regularly . 
i am really not sure how i feel about war trophies . it seems to be in bad taste at a minimum , and downright evil depending on where it came from . 	still not yours to steal . 
no . how easy is it ? i 'm asking for a friend . 	you can get punches made , and all you need to do is smack it with a hammer into a fairly soft metal , silver being one of the easiest and most authentic - looking . 
that 's true .  i bet i could find items in your bedroom you would n't even know were missing . not saying it 's right or condoning it , but ebay calls . 	unless you 're like me , and you know that something 's missing before it even leaves the house . 
still not yours to steal . 	if i was running an airbnb and someone found that i would be scared shitless that i was about to be sued .  it would be more responsible to take it than leave it . as i said though , replace it . 
you can imagine it is of course far superior to the sickly green stuff eaten by others . 	sickly ? the asparagus around here grown fresh is the size of my thumb around at the base . 
frankly it was a lackluster breakfast since they did n't serve juice . the owners would n't stop complaining about how much they hated the juice and how the juice had caused all the problems . 	they only dislike liquid juice . i heard they wanted to heat it to a boil so they could gas it . 
worth a decent amount on ebay . 	nope . they banned the sale of nazi memorabilia .  edit : i have nothing against collecting nazi memorabilia , i have a few items . i just thought ebay had banned it from their site . 
it kind of sucked in me2 though , because you could n't save the whole crew if you waited too long to do the final mission . 	i never had this happen but i guess it makes sense . i think i took my time in that game , i spent at least an hour trying to listen to every ad in the shopping complex 
it kind of sucked in me2 though , because you could n't save the whole crew if you waited too long to do the final mission . 	that was only if you got the reaper if to early . if you wait to do that you get more time 
boo nobody cares ! i have a gaming computer , i 'm just not a biased fool . console is great for casual fuck around . 	biased towards better forms of entertainment ? why would that make me a fool ? kek 
hunter 's ridge has really nice apartment homes for rent . 	i should learn to read . i did n't even look to see if you wrote anything else after i clicked on the link . 
the dark spot on its neck is blood . they 've cut its neck and are bleeding it out . 	well shit , that 'll explain it . i 'd fight back too . 
did you win the ensuing knife fight ? 	luckily , i was still in my car and i had to peel off before the guy could unlock my door .   
very true indeed . but he did look like a typical white dude in his young to mid 30 's . 	i know what you hear from the news , but white people can actually be dangerous thugs too 
i have 8 level 50 's . each class , each sex . season 1 holo helms and what not . game is shit . 	name your price man , i just want to play a little 
longshot . it 's in his goddamn name and no he ca n't turn his powers off . 	i do n't care if he can reach a par five in two . if he has no short game , he 's no good .  source : i can hit 300 yards and almost never break 90 . 
longshot . it 's in his goddamn name and no he ca n't turn his powers off . 	he 'd probably finish last since he cannot use his powers for personal gain 
unfortunately , ebay is your best bet and its a hot commodity . make sure that it is the limited edition and not the standard edition being sold for a marked up price . 	ugh , that blows .  well , thanks for the help , anyway . i have a friend who loves brand new so i might pick one up for them , in which case i would just get a regular one for myself . 
i just got back from a trip to denver . i missed my bike every time we went through any of the foothills out there . i 'm glad someone is enjoying them ! 	i feel that way every time i have to drive the family into the mountains in my car and see all the bikers riding around . 
no , it makes the playing field even as those maps were whoever controls the roof wins the game , and that was unbalanced . 	that 's what made them fun , the constant struggle for the rooftops . 
well , we buy products produced by slave labor . so , guilty by association . 	so does every western country in existence . i 'm sure you 'll be the first to give up your cheap goods right ? 
pretty sure brazil has more fans and more fans per capita . 	i 'm pretty sure that brazil is only one south american country . 
we can blame the qatar government for buying votes on the fifa council to the tune of 1 million per vote though . 	yeah , but punishing fifa is n't going to stop the qatar government from being assholes . you 're treating a symptom at this point 
no there is n't . fifa is pretty damn open about there corruption . 	yes there is . it 's literally everywhere . look at the history of government corruption . seriously , you ignorant twat . 
this post is so stupid . if there was as much evidence of government corruption then there is with fifa people would absolutely care . 	people care , but who does one fight a corrupt government ? and i mean realistically speaking 
this logic is so flawed . there 's kids dying of hunger in africa so should we not care about hungry families in america ? fighting corruption is n't a zero - sum game 	thank you .  we can actually give a shit about both , and celebrate when corruption in any one of these entities is addressed . 
i really dislike these news stories where a dozen of people on twitter said some dumb shit and the media covers it . 	if they were n't covering this bullshit they 'd have to cover real issues , and that will likely affect advertising revenue as the ones they cover in real stories are the ones paying them 
lol keep justifying your exploitation . you just admitted they were exploited and refuse to see that it 's wrong . enjoy your fantasy world . 	lol that 's so funny 
whenever converge gets posted , they get at least like 30 upvotes , so i 'd say they 're pretty well rated .   	this is true but there are also a fair amount of people on here who dont even know who converge are , which to me is a shame . 
i do not have any idea how to fix that line in the middle of the car ,  all lights work well . 	you have a uv cut right on that door , thats why its there , i think . either that or it might be a normal map line right on the door . could be a number of reasons 
i 've been waiting for some good deals on dying light , wolfenstein : the new order , far cry 4 , and divinity : original sin . 	. . . . none of that is terribly patient . 
is there actually a list somewhere ? i do n't see anything except a bunch of polish and the links lead me nowhere . 	this link is terrible . 
man . i 'm going to be camping in the mountains for most of that . 	i think you 're ok , there will be more sales . have fun ! 
if your packing is n't up to their standard they can claim that a a broken item is your fault for bad packing .  that goes away when ups packs it for you . 	it does n't actually , like i said in my other post on here the ups stores are franchises and the ups corporate can still deny a claim based on bad packaging 
no worries , i know it can be tricky . let me send you the right egg . 	okay , he really hatched shiny this time . 
yes , i should be around all day . let me know what works for you . 	i am currently at work , but will be home in about 6 hours . 
you can share your work calendar to one of your personal accounts through outlook . 	you can export it , but there 's no way to share it in a way that it will stay synced . 
holy shit dude what is roccat still doing there ? are your friends asleep ? replace gravity with them asap . 	but yes , i did pick them up for week 3 as they are playing giants and mym . 
people try to rewrite history , but fact is miz was over as fuck and up there among the best heels since the attitude era .  it annoys me how he is n't anywhere near the world title scene . 	i fucking loved the miz at that time , hell , i 've always loved the miz 
correct .  the worst part is he 's korea 's top ranked player and with the 2016 olympics coming up , it seems like terrible timing to make this guy sign up for a 2 - year military stint . 	yeah there has to be more going on here . there 's no way they 'd pull an olympic athlete . 
and math and science are unlikely to advance humanity . 	i whole heartedly hope your trolling .  medicine agriculture architecture inventions like the nuclear bomb that have eradicated total war transportation social services need i go on ?   
history is necessary , i think . we learn from mistakes . i have a history degree though so i 'm biased . 	understanding history is important , and i have a degree there too .  it did n't get me a job though . how about you ? 
because those subjects are unlikely to advance human technologies . 	history is necessary , i think . we learn from mistakes . i have a history degree though so i 'm biased . 
because those subjects are unlikely to advance human technologies . 	and math and science are unlikely to advance humanity . 
i whole heartedly hope your trolling .  medicine agriculture architecture inventions like the nuclear bomb that have eradicated total war transportation social services need i go on ?   	no , you need n't . you 're a fool , and i 'm quite certain you 'll only continue to be tedious , ignorant , and not completely literate .   
i have a yeti , taco tuesday guy and a viking i 'd be willing to trade for your two librarians . 	i will take that deal for sure ! 
already have it downloaded and have played 3 matches on my xbox one . sucks bc i really would rather play it on ps4 but , whatever . 	why did you even type that in here ? 
i do n't know about you , but i usually go to my eye doctor for questions about my eyes , and not questions about my general health . 	you think an eye doctor has no understanding in regards to disease and or virus ? 
actually it 's one of the very few problems you can solve by forcing people to adhere to one decision . i guess science is hard and ideology not so . 	how do you force them ? do you send people to their houses and to take their kids and force - vaccinate them ? what do you think the reaction to that would be ? 
i disagree with rand on that part . but he 's a physician . i 'm not . so i think his word goes over mine . 	that is known as an argument from authority fallacy . 
sorry rand , good on you that you answered honestly , but your position on vaccination , while morally consistent with the rest of your schtick , is fucking stupid . 	seriously ? should the fda go around kicking down doors in amish country to vaccinate kids ? 
i disagree with rand on that part . but he 's a physician . i 'm not . so i think his word goes over mine . 	in fairness to your word , he 's an eye doctor . 
how do you force them ? do you send people to their houses and to take their kids and force - vaccinate them ? what do you think the reaction to that would be ? 	you do n't , obviously - like what we have now .  but it is a dilemma when ideology butts against science .  my money is on science . 
suck the cock of the big corporations a little more , yeah its a brilliant idea to let them force chemicals into you , brilliant fucking idea you genius . 	man , you never disappoint . any time i see your name in a thread the logic is always so flawless . 
cat . 	dog . 
except batman is wondering why his picture does n't fit the frame . 	and why he 's on the floor 
dog . 	. god 
how dare you put adam west behind a chair and on the floor ! 	seriously ! i would put that bad boy above my bed . 
how dare you put adam west behind a chair and on the floor ! 	nobody puts baby in a corner ! 
cat . 	you 're very clever , young man , but it 's cats all the way down . 
cat . 	dog . fuck ! 
goose !  edit : cat . you happy now you fucking retards ? 	everyone 's tried every trick in the book with that sub , nothing works , you have to say cat . 
yeah , but that 's the best you can get if you do n't want to bother installing steam through wine . 	did you test it in wine ? it 's not piracy if you already own the game in steam . 
can i use this to download windows games to play in wine ? 	only if the windows games come drm free . they will check for windows steam credentials , that allow you to play the game . 
can i use this to download windows games to play in wine ? 	if steamworks is involved you will need to launch windows steam in wine but you can do this to get the game files so you do n't have to go through the whole download process in windows steam 
you were able to hear a difference between a working cable and a broken one ? 	yep ! having the right channel actually receiving and playing music made a huge difference in the soundstage , lemme tell ya 
i definitely have . i had a pair of rca cables where the right channel was cutting out . 	you were able to hear a difference between a working cable and a broken one ? 
is this the first fisticuffs where we did n't even get to see the full cast ? like , they were done with melty blood after 30 minutes , but this video could have been longer . 	jojo all star battle . i do n't think they got through half the cast in that game which is unfortunate . 
is this the first fisticuffs where we did n't even get to see the full cast ? like , they were done with melty blood after 30 minutes , but this video could have been longer . 	you 've seen one waifu , you 've seen 'em all . just imagine some different colored hair and big eyes . 
it 's over , liam has finally won , prepare for the end times . 	we 've finally made it , everyone . humans will be reborn as animes . there 's no stopping it now . 
jojo all star battle . i do n't think they got through half the cast in that game which is unfortunate . 	and they dare to say they like jojo . 
and they dare to say they like jojo . 	granted they did play the other jojo fighting game so it was a two game episode . i would have loved to have seen funny valentine . 
i want to ascend as high as possible ! 	there is no as fast as possible you should take your time selecting your parts , that by it self is a glorious part of building your own pc which will teach you a lot about building your own pc 
i would first replace the gpu , then the cpu , and at least add 4gb more ram . if you tell us your budget maybe we can help a little more . 	sorry , had n't seen the budget . with 900 euros you could build an entire new computer , especially selling your current one . show him the builds ! 
i see your point . they both have it so it 's fair . but like you said , most people do n't like estus chugging so that will prevent them from being summoned when there is other options . 	do n't hate the players , hate the game . that 's seriously what it boils down to . 
i read that as lately he 's getting really fat 	lol i did too but he 's lost some weight ! 
i read that as lately he 's getting really fat 	do you remember when phil had man boobs ? 
did the windows update break the saturation in catalyst control ? 	no the saturation still works out of game , its just not working on 4 : 3 resolutions anymore . have no idea why 
cool . i 'm down to trade if you are . i 'm already going to the the post office so i could ship it out today . 	i 'll pm you as soon as i get home . 
it 's at my apartment , i can send after class 	cool . i 'm down to trade if you are . i 'm already going to the the post office so i could ship it out today . 
he is 2nd choice is what you 're saying wenger . how the tables have turned . 	well on the other hand , this is his chance to show that he is better than ospina . ospina has been number one since southampton , this does n't change anything . 
yup , another day , another post about these stations .  i do n't mean to be rude , it 's just that these are posted all the time . nothing personal . 	new to me . i have n't seen these posted before . sorry i had to make you take time out of your day to write a comment . sorry i thought i was sharing something interesting . 
then do n't buy points . valve will learn if stuff works or does n't .  crying on reddit is n't going to help . 	unfortunately , crying on reddit has helped in many cases since valve is listening to the most stupid suggestions instead of working on something important . 
no , they just do n't like the fact that someone is blaming valve for not being the best company . 	they made a mode extremely close to the normal game where the highest payer has a higher chance of winning . that 's ea tier . 
going to school 20 miles away from my house is never a fun commute , at least this week is school vacation ! 	bummer and congrats . i 'm trying to think what else to do with the rest of my sunday . i 'm thinking tacos . 
its the reason i did n't vote for the rule even though i like it 	yea , i did n't know about the vote - just on the outside looking in .   
it looks like you are setting yourself up for a lot of work if the subreddit gets bigger . 	its the reason i did n't vote for the rule even though i like it 
wow , she actually sits in the shower while it 's running ? the best mine will do is hop carefully into the tub after the water 's been drained . really cool cat ! 	our girl bangs on the shower door till we let her in , gets saturated then wanders out . 
i am interested in the filter floss , filter felt , the breeder boxes and potentially the meds . what medications do you have , and also , is the bin of stuff a bundle ? 	i would like to sell it as a bundle , but i can break it up and box it if you would like . pick up or shipping ? 
even at first quality , i do n't think a exchange is necessary . it just looks like these were tried on once or twice . 	even with the wrinkles on the heel ? i thought the purpose of a shoe horn was to prevent things like this . 
i 'd take the word of a human md over a webmd . 	one human over multiple humans ? bold move . 
milk is n't good for dogs or cats , contrary to popular belief . 	really ? my vet actually recommended i feed them that with puppy chow . do you have any sources ? 
i was thinking of doing a regular one first , then people comment the ideas for the next one and whichever gets the most upvotes ill do 	cool . thanks for adding more quality content to this sub . 
the funny thing is when they try to crash , they 're just wasting xp for both of you . 	when i tell them that they just do n't answer and expect me to leave . me being good guy greg , i hop . 
the host is a head taller than him . so he 's more like 9 - 10 inches taller than the other guy . 	a 6 ft person head is 8 inches is how i 've always measured it . 
this show made me cringe so hard . it 's only a matter of time before it comes to the united states . 	they made one in 2012 with george lopez hosting it but it was canceled due to low rating , which i 'm sure shocks exactly no one . 
its a sword , to cut the webs in deep wildy . lol .   	you could equip the pickaxe and bring a normal knife , so you would safe 1 extra inv spot 
you could equip the pickaxe and bring a normal knife , so you would safe 1 extra inv spot 	what ?  he has a sword equipped and a pickaxe in his inventory .   
stop being so entitled , he is still learning . 	i feel like the people who call people entitled think themselves are highly entitled , but just do n't show it for entitlement purposes .  so fuck yourself . 
it 's natural for decent people to only want to see the best in their friends . it 's great that you are a strong person and respect yourself enough to walk away from someone who does n't . 	she did n't make it hard to walk away . i 'm actually surprised i put up with her as long as i did ! you ladies are the best ! 
mine is still march 3 . it 's in transit currently and it 's close to where i live . i really hope i can see an earlier date like yourself . 	jealous btw . ; p 
yeah , some guy wanted me to trade all 4 exclusives for skull kid . msrp wise it is fair but still a tough trade . 	for figure only or game and figure ? 
and pace . 	i do n't recall falcao ever being lightning fast in his atletico or even porto days ? 
they 're advertising a new beer called the slow ride session ipa . did you even click through ? 	no because i thought it was a beer related podcast , something i have no interest in . the advert did n't make it clear what they were advertising . 
i 'm guessing beer - related - podcast ?  anyone else sick and tired of ads that do n't explain what it is they are advertising ? 	they 're advertising a new beer called the slow ride session ipa . did you even click through ? 
i am one of those people who likes to have everyone on full chem but i suppose i will give it a shot . thanks 	me too , ca n't stand one person being down but this year 7 chem has no difference what so ever , really ! 
khedira is one of the best cdm 's on the game total beast , always there and can finish when he needs to , favourite cdm on level with gustavo 	would you think he is on par with if busquets ? because stats wise it looks like busquets might be a little better 
soooo you on drugs son ? 	no he 's rubbing heroin on his penis obviously . 
i seriously hope not . if you want one , you can buy a limited edition . that 's the point . 	this . wings should be something special , not something everyone can just buy for 10 bucks at the ingame shop . 
gandalf the white and gold will take his place , duh ! 	you mean gandalf the blue and black . 
of course it 's okay and it 's good info for anybody in the area . 	i already sent the info to one member who is planning to check it out tonight after work ! 
dont you have to blink in that game ? i remember playing that demo when i first got my xbox . 	in all honesty , i ca n't remember the blinking part . sounds more like scp , no ? it was one of my first 360 games and the only horror game i finished . 
great doc . beware ninjas cutting onions during segment with his former trainer and trainer 's wife . oh the feels . 	huh , odd . they popped up when he said he wanted to win the one fight because it was the last fight his dad would see . 
if i do n't look at it , then i 'm ok . i can pretend i did n't write it and all is right with the world . 	well , whatever helps you sleep at night . btw , how 'd you become a stars fan living in nj ? 
i just want everyone to know that writing that we want the flyers win hurts the pens part of my soul . 	i guess you gotta take one for the good of the team . 
michigan state fans : assuming he is kicked off the team , is this a big blow for the spartans or not really ? 	we 're deep at receiver , but yes , he 's our best slot receiver and was huge in our game against you guys in indy 
michigan state fans : assuming he is kicked off the team , is this a big blow for the spartans or not really ? 	we have a ton of wr 's , but he 's the most experienced . i do n't think it 'd hurt us big time , but it would suck to lose him . 
michigan state fans : assuming he is kicked off the team , is this a big blow for the spartans or not really ? 	it sucks to lose your most experienced guy but we are hella deep at wr . 
he 's good but replaceable . it seems we got our wr coaching in gear after the horrendous 2012 season . 	credit where credit is due , swapping maxwell for cook long - term helped too . 
it was just some guy painted black in the corner playing a recorder . 	sick reference , bro . 
please post some reviews soon ! 	i will !  just received several new bottles today , so i will ink some pens this weekend and post a review about each ink . 
yeah i want it done right . would i take my car into the shop or would i have to take the cover off and take it somewhere ? and where would i take it ? 	yea , you would take it off , clean in , and give it to a shop that is able to order powder coat and everything . 
on reddit but too cool to link to the actual threads .  what you did was probably more work that just linking 	threads on 4chan 404 . that 's part of the appeal . 
we are on reddit link to the fucking threads instead of taking a screen shot .   	oh . fuck i 'm an idiot . i just have not seen a reddit link on this sub , so i did n't even realize i could do that . 
that is just downright creepy . straight out of a horror movie . 	i am now feeling a strong urge to make a short film around the idea . 
threads on 4chan 404 . that 's part of the appeal . 	we are on reddit link to the fucking threads instead of taking a screen shot .   
just use your browser to go to the subreddit and change your flair in the side bar . there 's no other way to do it . 	thanks man . from another uk fan no less . 
why the hell are there still jump ball circles around the free throw lines ? 	tradition . court would n't look right without it . 
in 2008 , georgia won the sec tournament after going 4 - 12 in conference , and got a 14 seed . 	that god damned tornado in atlanta . 
thank you , i 'll have to do that next time ! i think i was just afraid of overwhelming my face with such a bold lip color that i went light on everything else . maybe too light . 	i think the color of blush that you chose was definitely right - neutral , to balance the cool black lip and warmer eyes ! 
your skin is so smooth looking ! and the eyeshadows are gorgeous .  one odd thing i noticed is the concealer around your lips looks a little green ? 	huh , could be the way the concealer mixed with the lip color when i blended it out ? i 'm not sure . i ca n't see that when i look at it in the mirror in real life . 
definitely , people do n't want to pay to see a bad movie . last year everyone said we were going to suck and we did , after zero preseason moves , this year it looks like they got the message . 	50 shades of grey would like to have a word . 
people can oppose a political party while still supporting democracy . 	what do you mean you oppose the bnp ? freedom of speech haters like you are why the country has gone to the dogs ! 
some might say it would be democratic . 	people can oppose a political party while still supporting democracy . 
this is a perfect picture of me before and after moving to denmark ! i actually laughed out loud : d 	cheater , you went from icelandic to danish : p 
spanish - english  mexico - us 	did you learn by watching with your native language as the subtitles and the foreign language as the language spoken by the characters ? or , vice - versa ? 
has anyone here ever learned a language purely by living in a foreign country where you knew none of it beforehand ? how long does it take to get halfway decent ? 	i learned spanish in 3 months by living in mexico . i could n't speak it before , but i had passive knowledge . also my native language helps since it 's from the same family . 
oh god . 	and you thought sol and i were bad . 
you 're reading them wrong then . 	oh no , i 've started to get the hang of them . i can clearly tell theirs shame . 
sub vocals say otherwise . they say shame and disbelief . 	you 're reading them wrong then . 
it 's worse than even my lines . 	that 's taking it a bit far , i 'd say we are around the same level . 
and we are out of dock . engaging mass effect core 	will it just be us along with some of your men on this mission ? 
i 'm not a fan of the general idea of pa being dead , but i thought that johns and frank made it genuinely emotional without feeling cheap . 	i agree ! morrison also did a great job of it in all - star superman . 
because public school in the us is tax - funded daycare . and they only teach kids how to take tests . 	training for factory work . 
i hope whoever administered the test made sure to give us millennials a trophy for having participated . 	while repeatedly telling them how smart they are after they answer each question . 
a machine will replace you before you hit 80 . do n't worry . 	it will be decades before advanced ai will be available to the general market . robots are n't coming anytime soon . 
why are n't the first 12 years of education teaching them any skills ? what is the point of it all if you end up without anything to show ? 	because public school in the us is tax - funded daycare . and they only teach kids how to take tests . 
more like the ones that caused the war than fought the war . i realize it is hard for some to see beyond their own experience , but try . 	pretty sure no one wanted to have another world war besides germany . 
it will be decades before advanced ai will be available to the general market . robots are n't coming anytime soon . 	robots can mean self - checkout at wal - mart . forget ai . 
why are n't the first 12 years of education teaching them any skills ? what is the point of it all if you end up without anything to show ? 	first 12 years of education teach us to pay 50k for 4 years of education to learn a skill , that 's why ? 
i learned a trade and now i 'm stuck wondering if i even should go back to school . 	if you 're not serious you should be . i make very good money in it and i 'm a high school dropout . 
why are n't the first 12 years of education teaching them any skills ? what is the point of it all if you end up without anything to show ? 	the first 12 years of education have evolved to where it does n't really teach anything beyond how to pass a standardized test so the school can keep it 's funding . 
why are n't the first 12 years of education teaching them any skills ? what is the point of it all if you end up without anything to show ? 	one point is that it gives you the foundation to learn the skills later on . ex : learn calculus in hs to prepare for engineering in college 
i see you do n't meet the minimum experience level for this entry level job . 	i see you have n't included the correct keywords in your resume and cover letter in order to make it through our automated hr filter so that an actual person can look at your application . 
pay that 40 trillion national debt faster ! 	do n't worry . i 'll just pay off the whole national debt on my credit card and then declare it stolen . 
it all depends on what the job market is like where you live , in some places trades are raking in the cash while others there are n't much work for them . 	or you can become a journeyman in your trade . great way to see the world . work with the best , building things that most would deem impossible . and make more money than you could spend . 
actually , itt is a ton of millennials criticizing the article without apparently having read or understood the parameters of the study . 	they did poorly on the literacy portion because they did n't bother reading the questions . 
throughout history , kids today have been dumb as shit and ruining everything . 	yup , just like poor people cause crime , old people are out of touch and do n't understand , and politicians are corrupt and worthless . 
because public school in the us is tax - funded daycare . and they only teach kids how to take tests . 	or you could go out and learn on your own . like millions did before . 
based on where i work , the people who can work with huge excel files all day without wanting to shoot themselves . 	can confirm . have job . work with huge excel files all day . only want to shoot myself part of the day . 
because public school in the us is tax - funded daycare . and they only teach kids how to take tests . 	that 's almost like college . 
yet , this is the generation that invented google , facebook and other major tech advances ? 	too bad mark zuckerberg isnt a millennial - he 's 30 years old . 
hey , curious to ask you where you ordered from . the windows phone version never goes on sale and the android version is probably always cheaper . 	i actually ordered from verizon , they were running an offer and i upgraded my two year contract for free with this phone . got lucky i guess ? i 'm not sure ! 
pretty much all d1 sports scholarships are full rides . 	not even close dude , especially for olympic sports and soccer . 
pretty much all d1 sports scholarships are full rides . 	not in soccer . the only reason osu is halfway decent is that they offer full rides 
for sure . decent quality food can be expensive , and i can only imagine how expensive it could be if you had to eat to maintain your body as an athlete . 	yeah , all those supplements and especially if you eat healthy . that whole foods run ai n't cheap . 
we 'll never be a real league until they feed them dinner too . 	we will never be a real league until we give them breakfast for dinner . 
most of texas is rather flat if you ask me . 	so you about that texan earth is flat . i win . 
that 's surprising i guess . i believed she was in the right when i read it was something like 10x hotter than normal hot coffee 	i believe it was only 10 degrees over the normal serving temperature actually . which does n't seem like a lot , but it is . 
wow , thanks ! all of that sounds good , you were a great help . how close to the game day would you recommend buying the tickets ? 	honestly , whenever . a couple days prior is fine . 
makes sense , thanks ! so most college student begin with the first tier untill they progress into their careers i guess 	mostly . but remember that your peers in college will be those second tier connections when you all enter the work force . do your best to make friends and prove yourself , now . 
i felt bad at first too but then realized she is the one driving and ultimately decided to stop right there at a clearly marked red zone . i imagine she could have pulled up a few more feet . 	you can idle with the engine running in a no parking zone , but not a no stopping or standing zone . i could n't watch the videos ; can you tell what the sign says ? 
and people wonder why i do n't want to use public transportation to get to potential places of employment . 	lucky brussels has no traffic jams so delays on the road do n't exist . 
and that is why you do n't tweet stupid shit . 	revis called belichick a jerk , so i dont think its a deal breaker 
that 's pretty awesome , actually . it really pisses me off when players thank god for making a great play but never blame the sob when something goes wrong . ca n't have it both ways ! 	agree . that jesus joke is actually refreshing . 
why did his stats drop off the past few years ? 	ej manuel 49ers shit show and kaepernick sucks . 
define weird and acting up ? 	the battery died ridiculously fast . and it said that i did n't have google play services installed but i really did . 
if i were attractive enough to date sex workers , i would n't be paying them . 	my boyfriend is not conventionally attractive . he 's nerdy and adorable in his own way . he has a big sexy brain that turns me on more than looks ever could . 
if i were attractive enough to date sex workers , i would n't be paying them . 	you 're not charged based on your attraction , you 're charged for the time . 
you 're the one selling them at that price arent you ? 	no i do n't have any , nor enough money to have one . 
it 's actually become a rare , you ca n't buy them anymore in the wildy . 	you 're the one selling them at that price arent you ? 
yup . i also have a thor : p my dqxq team is growing , i lack a apollo at best .  otherwise healer burst is a go . did i ever show you the video i 'm basing my team on ? 	i have apollo and thor as well . would those guys work better ? i like thor cuz light row 
why does it matter who hurt me ?  fact is , there is zero benefits to getting married and soo many drawbacks . so why do it ? 	i see you have your mind made up . not going to argue with a shoe . take care . 
he 's a fucking hypocrite if he decides to coach . 	what if he becomes a coach and teaches how to prevent concussions ? or he goes back to school and becomes a sports doctor ? would that make him a hypocrite ? 
the guy behind him as well , the one with the indiana jones hat and sunglasses seems to be carrying . 	if that 's a gun , he is holding it with an extremely loose grip and pretty well carrying it at the other guys ass . so i 'm going to hope that 's not a gun . 
what would happen if someone takes damage while he does n't have any gold in his inventory ? and do you lose gold for taking damage after you have gotten one kill ? 	forgot about that once you 've lost all of the gold you cannot replace it it 's just gone . . _ . 
i think it 's the bills trying to figure out what qb not to pick . whichever one ryan loves they 're just going to stay the fuck away from him . 	that would be a wise move . 
yeah i was digging that lost boys cover . i enjoy covers when you can tell the persons really feeling it , you 're really feelin it man 	thanks a lot ! 
thanks ! i put a few dg covers up in the past couple of days check em out on the channel if ya like 	yeah i was digging that lost boys cover . i enjoy covers when you can tell the persons really feeling it , you 're really feelin it man 
do they come in cherry flavor ? 	only if you punch it first . usually , it 's high sodium lemon flavour . 
hey man , i really feel for you .  i 'm sure you 've heard this before but this sub is possibly the worst for vulnerable people . try talking to some people in your own life about this ? 	he has spammed this sub with basically the same message over a 100 times . like , i feel bad for him but idk if he 's just a really good troll or what . 
is there a chance he is getting bullied ? i had a convict do this once one of the africans decided he was a bad ass . 	do n't know if you 're a crazy person or if i 'm just unfamiliar with aquarium terminology . 
this is n't about simple homophobia , but a straight guy traumatized by getting fucked in the ass repeatedly by criminals . 	well yeah , he 's projecting how he felt about engaging in homosexual acts as a straight man onto all homosexuals . others are just projecting how they imagine they 'd feel about it . 
a hard fought , 60 minute team game ending by a skills competition is n't exactly exciting . 	i think you 'll find that most casual fans disagree with that . 
if they split the points then there is no difference between that and a tie .  a 3 - 2 - 1 system is probably best . 	i would argue that there should be no difference between a shootout and a tie . it 's a cheap gimmick , so keep it a gimmick . do n't let it decide playoff positioning whatsoever . 
i would take anything over a tie .  shootout , flip a coin , a chess game between captains , a round of dodge ball . anything . just no ties . 	no items , fox only , final destination . 
10 minute 4 on 4 ot , if a team scores , that team gets 2 points and the other team gets none . if ot ends with no winner , both teams get a point . how hard is that ? 	yea why is n't this ever brought up ? they have to go straight to 3v3 . 
in the opinion of who ? ties were just fine for 80 some odd years . gimmicks are obviously better right ? 	i think you 'll find that most people do n't like ties . just look at this thread for example .  you mention soccer , but there is a reason that soccer is n't liked much in the us . 
i 'll be sending you my eye doctor bill 	this this made my day and had me laughing for a long time . 
i have an extra gold mario that i 'd like to trade for a fox ! 	i could trade a fox for one if u like . new in box us one by the way 
arizona here . whats winter ? 	well in minnesota it 's the time before june and after august . 
how you forget a burrito in your car ? unless you planned on eating it the next day , you probably would have remembered that you forgot your meal in your car . 	could be half eaten and boxed from a restaurant . i 've forgotten mine many a time . 
i always seem to forget that people who live in places that have seasons might experience this phenomenon .  my car 's pretty consistently an oven . 	i like to store beer outside so it does n't take up space in the refrigerator . 
does the coolant smell like fuel ? if so you might have a head gasket that is failing . if not it might be the water pump that is on its way out .   	do n't think it smells like fuel , smells like pure coolant . i think you might be on to something with the water pump . 
anyone with actual life experience is 100 times better than some snot - nosed liberal arts student any day of the week . 	despite how rude and dismissive this sounds , i ca n't help but feel that this contains some undeniable truth . 
the point is obvious . clinton killed the federal funding . 	i would say being tough on crime , or appearing to be tough on crime , would be a significant factor .  funding would have been cut at some point , not too say it should not have . 
i stayed up all night last night because i could n't get adderall til 10 and skipped school , slept for an hour at 11 and then took more . am i headed down the wrong path ? 	yes . once you start cancelling things to get high , score your drugs or because you need rest from your latest binge you 're heading down a wrong path . 
he is a terrible goalkeeper , what are you talking about ? responsible for most if not all or the teams losses in the world cup . i 'm surprised he still starts for them 	found the person who only watched the world cup . 
yeah that was my first thought too haha . was always surprised he never got bought by a bigger team a few years ago . 	he is a terrible goalkeeper , what are you talking about ? responsible for most if not all or the teams losses in the world cup . i 'm surprised he still starts for them 
why did he have a razor blade ? better grip ? 	he was expecting a situation to come up so he could use it to cut himself and feign an injury . it was all planned out . 
world cup ban for a whole team and lifetime ban for player , wow that was heavy punishment , i dont know if i 've ever heard of a harsher punishment . 	i 'm pretty sure i 've heard that the rest of the players knew the plan . 
why the fuck can you bring road flares into a soccer game anyway ? seems pretty dangerous any way you look at it . 	have you only been watching the sport for a year or something ? 
to deflate the ball and end the game . 	he does n't play for the patriots 
my point was if he only watched the world cup it 's funny that he picked be team with a bunch of german national team players . 	ya i was messing around . i thought the sarcasm would work better since i had a bayern flair too . 
what kind of idiots think flares at football matches are a good idea ?  that 's a serious question . i mean , how can anyone ever think that 's smart ? 	flares at a football match are great . throwing them at the players is not . 
match now abandoned . what happened in second half ? 	game too crazy to continue . objects like chairs were thrown onto the pitch . 
flares should be banned at football matches for the safety of players and fans . poor guy , i wish he is alright . 	he is fine . he flew home with the team . 
world cup ban for a whole team and lifetime ban for player , wow that was heavy punishment , i dont know if i 've ever heard of a harsher punishment . 	it was a really big deal , chile got a pretty bad reputation for a long time after that . 
conte is n't replacing johnson at nickel . conte is a safety and will fight for the fs position with major wright . sterling moore will most likely take over for nickle corner . 	thanks my mistake . i completely forgot about moore , still i would n't mind picking up someone in the later rounds that could contend with sterling and johnson . 
i mean i guess if you 're far from your target and your jumps are on cd . 	i love trading 110 tp for a 120 potency attack !   
if they had a good handle abilities like piercing talon would n't exist . 	we 're talking about ability bloat , not one or two subpar abilities . 
yeah , i find playing whm and war has me using every ability at some point , while playing blm and drg , there are moves i never touch . 	i often find myself wishing i had more fingers when i 'm playing my warrior 
i mean i guess if you 're far from your target and your jumps are on cd . 	and butcher your tp ? tp is already a limiting factor in many fights , you 'd be best advised by not making that worse for a low - potency attack at a high tp cost just because it 's ranged . 
you sound more like a doormat with a thin skin rather than a polite person based on that passive aggressive bitch comment above mine . 	whatever you 're just a piece of shit . 
it 'll wreck your dps ? ok . figured walking over to an enemy would do that . i really do n't do end game anyway , too many people are tools . 	so you had no clue what you were talking about and you said it anyways ? 
the ability lists in this game are so narrow to begin with , we 're not anywhere near worrying about bloat for like another six expansions . 	i disagree . almost every class i play has more or less run out of easily accessible buttons to hit . i do n't know where i 'd put new abilities . 
so , if i buy you reddit gold , is that a tax - free donation for me ? honestly asking . 	yep , i guess you should do it and write it off next year 
i 'm surprised i have n't found anything yet . usually with most tv shows , a streaming link is available soon after it airs . 	i really ca n't find one torrent for it . i 'm a little shocked .  edit : i think it just got onto hbo 's website . 
that 's what i mean the link dosnt work on pbs anymore but i found out i had a free trial on dvds for netflix so i 'm going to rent it for free lol 	cool . i found it very eye opening and am surprised they are allowed to walk away as free men . 
cool . i found it very eye opening and am surprised they are allowed to walk away as free men . 	yeah i 'll be getting it tommorow so i ca n't wait to check it out . 
you 're absolutely right . i 'm sure cos is slapping the shit out of them . i 've updated my links , and a direct torrent file with all trackers , this work well ?   	thank you for sharing . i pay for cable and have a non - us hbo go account , but a lot of the newest stuff never shows up on there . fuck them i 'm torrenting it . thanks ! 
probably something the lawyers told them to stay away from . i ca n't see the filmmaker not knowing since a google search brings it up on the first page . 	yup , this documentary was a legal nightmare for the team , so they probably fought months to show what we saw and anything left out was to keep them out of legal shit . 
i 'm surprised there is n't a demolish brush tool . at least not one that i could find . removing forests takes so long . 	if you use the tree brush mod , right click will aoe - remove forests . 
it all worked well but once i 've got everything loaded and ready to go , it says i ca n't add any more roads ! anybody have a solution ? 	try a smaller section of city . the game has a limit 
i like the magnet idea ! saves ruining the poster and could look good if you get the right magnets 	i really like it too . but the thing is , this poster is really big . i doubt magnets would be strong enough to hold it securely , unless i covered the poster with them . 
wow , that mountain must loom over that beach . it looks almost like it from a hover above the break . 	i think the photographer used a good zoom lens , but the mountain pretty much does drop into the sea there . 
yes , but the word pyro was n't invented by valve . 	but he is part of tf2 and anyone who has even heard of tf2 , pyro the character is the first thing they will think of when they hear the word . 
no tutorials , i just used my armor building knowledge from previous costumes : d 	and the body paint ? you did this urself ? i thought it was photoshop at 1st : d 
nice guide . covers the basics well .  only criticism is the music is sometimes distracting and covers your voice . it 's especially bad during the character creation section . 	thanks for your feedback ! i 'm definitely still in the learning phase with video editing , and i 'll try to find a better audio balance next time . i hope it 's not too bad . 
they have 160 counter dmg . 	the ui has always said 160 , but it was incorrect and the counter damage was actually 130 . i just want to confirm that you actually went into the game and tested the damage . 
dammit , totes mah goat . 	dammit , not penny 's boat 
nay ! we be so addicted to the i , we got a patch for it . 	another person who i 'd give gold if i had money . 
ca n't call itself scotch , as that requires minimum 3 years i believe . 	lost spirits is out of california . would n't be scotch anyway .  even if the process took three or four years minimum , scotch laws would not allow such a non - traditional process . 
i do n't get it , is it a gambling pop up window or something ? 	i think so - i think they are looking to introduce betting to the afl fantasy system 
hgh raises risk of cancer , combined with an overall higher risk the older you get to get cancer it is a big risk . but lets see how he does . 	oh , i had no idea .  now i dont know much about gh but you 'd think something with such benefits would actually decrease and no increase the chance . 
you can retire . she has to stay working . each of you enjoys the consequences of your own decisions . 	good luck making that one work , especially if you try to make her do her half of the housework . 
i totally agree . x - pac was a way better worker than anyone seems to give him credit for ! 	xpac was always known backstage as the best worker in wwe . if you fail to put up a great match with him , you 're effectively shit . 
yeah , i liked test . once he got into his schtick , he was pretty good . he was n't a great , but he was slick and his big kick could be pretty brutal . 	his flying elbow drop against shane was awesome too . 
: o 	clever , i know : p 
i understand that but i was just hoping for a ballpark answer . 	yeah , nobody can even hit the baseball . wait until it comes out . 
if the game is as good as we hope , should run very playable . 	alrighty thanks man . 
it all depends on how well threaded the game is . i think it will bottleneck , but not too bad . 	alright that 's good to hear it hopefully wo n't be too bad . 
goddamn seeing stuff this makes me really respect her so much . at 28 , she 's really got her shit together ! 	yeah what a great interview , had some real depth 
your headset does n't have the quality for you to even tell a difference . also , asus boards generally have really good on - board audio . 	why that ? i mean in terms of telling the difference ?  oh , well ill check it out . 
very few vets will recommend raw , they are too involved with hill 's and make too much profit margin to recommend much else 	too true . some vets are amazing but they are a business at the end of the day , and things like yearly vaccinations and contracts with dog food companies bring in a lot of money . 
thats a nice set up .   	thanks , im thinking about going down to something smaller as a dab rig 
why do these threads keep coming along that repeatedly make me bask in my shame and admit i thought the knicks would be a 6 seed ? 	i thought at minimum , we could have been the 8th seed in the playoffs . we got rid of raymond felton . it ca n't get much worse than raymond felton , right ?  i was horribly wrong . 
i was referring to kyrie . bennett came later , and it 's not like anyone in that draft is setting the world on fire . although bennett is setting dumpsters on fire . 	that line - up with oladipo would have been cool 
you really thought we would n't make the playoffs ? 	yeah .  you know how we have been playing for the past 3 months .  well that 's how i thought we would play all season . and i overrated the east 
elliot was who i was thinking of . he went down early in the season , right ? 	d rob went down first iirc . elliot at least played about half a season , d rob only played a handful of games that year . 
well to be fair , they 've been ravaged by injuries this season . 	that 's how it is every year , though .  really gonna be sad if the thunder 's window has already closed . that team is just too good to not win a title . 
i liked dante exum to be the best rookie .  i thought the grizzlies would fall off significantly .  i pegged atlanta as an 8 - seed . 	same , i was on the exum hype train 
the worst injury you guys could of received . well besides aldridge 	seriously , wes was our motivator , too . he gets mad when we 're losing and every one else just looks defeated without that . wes is far more important to us than lillard imo . 
why do these threads keep coming along that repeatedly make me bask in my shame and admit i thought the knicks would be a 6 seed ? 	i had a gold bet with a knicks fan that the knicks would not be a top 4 seed . i mean i did n't expect them to be this bad , but there was some serious optimism last year . 
 i did n't think they 'd be a top teir team , but i thought that they 'd win 45 - 48 games . 	ya that 's the level i was saying . i think that 's a tier higher than what they were last year , especially with a healthy kemba and big al 
yeah but they were n't bringing manning back , and they could n't play manning and luck together after they got , so the situations are totally different basically . 	but it 's the same thing looking at the year itself : they were taking because they lost their star player . 
yeah i feel like i 've just blocked that from memory . how bizarre and fucked up is that that happened ? 	the injury was so bizzare like it 's not something you see that much in the nba but it 's so fucking sad 
i predicted the jazz would win 35 games . 	this is the most incorrect thing ? you guys are probably gonna end up with 38 , i would call this a pretty accurate prediction . 
we really looked like a mediocre team when we were healthy , but jesus , this season probably paid for a new hospital wing . 	there 's a reason we partnered with the mayo clinic . 
get a sour beer imo , can set him back about 30 for a really nice one . 	fuck yeah he can . homeboy won a cray wager .  also , where do you live that any bottle of beer costs 30 bucks ? 
in my opinion ? harden , davis , and durant all have cases . durant is obviously a wildcard since we do n't know how he 'll heal from his injuries , but last year i thought he surpassed bron . 	i guess my idea of who the best player is would be the player i would build a team around . i just feel lebron 's all around skill set makes him stand out as the best . 
i thought houston would be at best an 8th seed with missing the playoffs a real possibility . boy was i wrong . harden da real mvp . 	yep , i had them as my surprise fall off team this year . i thought denver and nola would be 8 and 7th seeds . 
why do these threads keep coming along that repeatedly make me bask in my shame and admit i thought the knicks would be a 6 seed ? 	i do n't think 40 wins would have been an unreasonable prediction at the beginning of the season . a bit optimistic but not impossible . 
not sure , but whoever did do it is was dumb enough to use that prime pick on someone like anthony bennett . 	i was referring to kyrie . bennett came later , and it 's not like anyone in that draft is setting the world on fire . although bennett is setting dumpsters on fire . 
i had a gold bet with a knicks fan that the knicks would not be a top 4 seed . i mean i did n't expect them to be this bad , but there was some serious optimism last year . 	who would have actually made that bet ? i do n't think any knick fan seriously thought we 'd be a top 4 seed . 
hey arent you the dude from the warlizard gaming forum ?  no .  you are n't .  stop it . 	i have no idea what you 're talking about man must be a new york thing 
make sure you 're adding lots and lots and lots of oil . like layer that shit on there . it 'll hopefully fix the problem ! 	yeah , the tape is supposed to turn transparent from the high amount of oil . 
since when is marrying your cousin considered normal ?   	he 's not marrying his cousin in any sense of the word we would consider inappropriate . explaining that to anyone would n't result in anyone thinking it was weird 
wow , it 's grotesque , but you can tell it 's walt . i like it . i want to see that thing in action ! 	yeah i still have loads to do , but in time ill have so eating working to show 
people buying pcs , yes , pc parts is a different story 	i wanna see the pc parts market , not just some dell market 
do n't read the news much , do ya ? 	daily . feel free to make a point 
there is a public outcry .  the public outcry is for men not to rape . the victims are n't specific . and since men rape other men , you are wrong . 	women are the only victims feminists care about . there is zero discussion or outcry about males being raped regardless of who 's doing it . 
that 's effectively what feminism has become . 	it went from an idea of being equal to a movement based on women superiority . and that 's why feminism , as a movement , is a bunch of bullshit . 
get back to me when you have government telling you what medical procedures you can and cannot have , thanks .  oh no , red pillers disagree with me . whatever shall i do . 	we already have that . have you not heard of medicare ? or medicaid ? 
for sure dude i 'll listen tonight . if you do n't mind , i 'll send a few previews of what i 'm doing to you 	i absolutely do n't mind , thank you for your interest man , it means a lot 
the distance your mouse loses tracking when you lift it off . 	it seems like you would want this as low as possible so if you lifted your mouse up it would not work ?  also why would you be lifting your mouse up off the pad ? 
all the adults look like they are going through some tough shit , and hating life .  the kid looks like he 's going on an adventure . youthful optimism is fantastic to see in pictures like this . 	he looks like he 's never seen a camera before . 
but that 's the point of the book . he does n't have anything to be happy about , the entire thing is a facade . 	i get it , but it just did n't work for me , especially after everything that came before it . just different tastes . 
i 've got windows 8 . 1 x64 and it is working pretty great ! i had to run it a couple of times before it connected . 	not working at all for me : l 
talking about dicks with a guy indicates you 're on fairly intimate terms already 	oh , we 're pretty close and open about sexual stuff . there 's actually a few guys online i do the same with too , lol . guess that 's what happens when you put a bunch horny fags together . 
some app settings , yeah . ironically usually the ones who had material design anyways 	that 's not irony . irony is when the exact opposite thing that one would expect happens . 
damn ! even text messages and everything ? i am very happy to hear that ! 	not on stock , my m8 will restore home page layout , texts , call logs and other stuff but it 's a htc thing 
oh , whoops , i was looking at the url bar . still does n't work with use subreddit style ticked . 	if it still doesnt work with res , chrome and the tick then i have no idea sadly . 
yeah , good luck on your book . i love helping people join me in writing depressing stuff , lol . 	thanks , good luck on your story too ! the theme is physical strength vs emotional strength so the grief plays a big part . i wanna get it right ya know ? 
closest matchup last week . tied this week . destined for 0 - 0 - 2 in week 3 . 	there have been 2 ties in our history , both angels , it is your destiny 
if this comment gets 200 likes doctors will be able to save a starving child in africa . spread the word . 	 like scum like you care . do n't try to justify your sick mind with some noble cause . 
the fact that thorin is there makes it one of my favorite lans this year , so who cares about awkward presenters when you have this beautiful red haired beauty . 	true , hopefully thorin can carry the load . so far he 's been class and even making fun of the presenters , legend . 
just was bored and thought i would share . thanks for the feedback ? 	where is the shot of the first place ?  and the second place with people sitting ?  was checking if i knew where all those places were and those were the only two i could n't figure out . 
do you happen to live in the austin area because it rains every fucking week over here . i can never wash my car because of this . 	haha no , i 'm actually up north of dallas . the past month has just been rainy week after week , it 's a pain when you like to make your car look nice . 
i do n't think this would work in providence . we would just have a bunch of dicks painted all over our roads for the next couple decades . 	well more than likely the dicks would go away the next year when the pothole just got bigger . then we 'd have to paint an even bigger dick . 
oh god tree of heaven . i do n't have any where i am living now , but it was all over my parents yard . grew through the fucking concrete porch . 	where i live it 's called the chinese tree of hell . 
the creek is the first eve video to give me goosebumps since this is eve .  nice one test . 	i gotta hang out in bacon bar more , although my singing voice sucks . 
i gotta hang out in bacon bar more , although my singing voice sucks . 	you can sing with me on the off - chance i grace you all with my presence . 
it sounds like a good solution but it 's only temporary and i do n't think people would vote for it . sooner they get rid of the 30 minute system the better , it makes the game way too safe . 	if you think jagex can stop the ddos attacks , i do n't . people are hesitant to even bring risk when pking in fear of it . 
come children , feast ! daddy brought home a 4 bedroom ! 	aww , dad ! we had that last week ! 
eat a bag of dicks and keep on being a retard who does n't know english . 	keep on being a lame ass who corrects everyone 's grammar . 
now think about your dad . 	i want to meet that man . 
given how allergic i am to that stuff it will make my dick huge , and red , and itchy . probably not worth it 	it 's fiberglass , i 'm guessing you might be experiencing thousands of tiny shards entering your skin rather than an allergic reaction 
i do n't really have a number , but if someone ca n't even remember the person 's name then that bothers me . 	this is a good way to look at it .  every person is valued . 
do you look at each bird 's appearance for some kind of hint of personality ? or are they completely random comments 	sure , sometimes it 's the appearance . and sometimes the name of the species gives me an idea . but other times , i just wing it . heh . 
do you have cookies or javascript disabled ? 	both cookies and javascript are enabled . 
might be worth doing the witches first if amelia is too tough . on my first playthrough i best the blood starved beast before her .  thanks guys ! 	doing the witches first would be better anyway . they do n't seem to use the stupid hold spell during the day . 
apple watch tried that , i think they wanted more capabilities but i read some of them were n't consistently accurate enough to include . 	it 's a start though , it will keep getting more accurate and common as new generations come out 
so they bought it off you ?   	not that i knew of at least , maybe unknowingly or they bought it off whoever i sold it to . 
not that i knew of at least , maybe unknowingly or they bought it off whoever i sold it to . 	are you selling anything else ? something cheap maybe ? 
when 's our next home game ? 	may 17th vs dc on national tv , fox sports 1 . 
i think clearing the rivers end would send a huge message . everyone get seats somewhere else and you know for sure the press would notice . 	its already starting to happen ! the rivers end was sparse at today 's game . 
wow really is sad for that cast . how old is william shatner . i remember when that kid with the power of a god fell in love with her 	william shatner will never die , his hair gives him immortality . 
i do n't think you can lump thousands of stores into one because of your experience at one specific location . 	i understand that , but the fact that they ca n't order it online from their store website seems a little strange do n't you think ? 
you can always pursue more in depth understanding of your school or other topics outside of the classroom . 	absolutely agree . do n't let schooling interfere with your education . 
that 's deep . 	it 's also mark twain . 
next week . making batch of silvers now ; then a batch of space grey 	excellent ! i got a relatively late preorder in , here 's hoping i wo n't have to wait too long for mine ! 
this does n't work for me ? 	just double checked , sorry man ! i ordered mine with that code , as did a few of my co - workers . hopefully they 'll release a new one soon . 
it 's in garbage grove , ca so this does n't surprise me at all 	hey ! i grew up there buddy , time for internet fighting 
is that why my screen keeps going black after the first ad plays on my ios phone ? because they blocked older versions of the app ? 	i 'm getting that even on the latest version on an iphone 4s and iphone 5 
that was the most out of touch and sexist thing i have read in a long time . 	it 's complete trash . i read it on my lunch break and could barely finish my lunch ! 
if he thinks you 're a dumbass for that , then dump his ass ! no one who dislikes charlie could ever be marriage material anyway ! 	hahaha , he loves sunny . just thinks i 'm too old to be using that as decor . too bad i do n't care ! 
sub ? let 's go all out and dub the show with this script ! 	i 'd be down for that . i have a nice mic so voices are no problem . 
pic taken shortly before that red jeep cut you off . dang rhode island drivers ! : shakes fist : 	ha ! this is me ! figures i 'd be spotted at such a shitty time ! that liberty driver really got me angry ! sorry if you heard me swearing out of my open window ! 
its over hyped . it feels good in the moment , but when you cum , you just wanna go eat , and go back to doing what you were suppose to be doing . 	i feel the same way about good food . it tastes good in the moment , but when i 'm full , i just wanna go lay down , and go back to doing what i was supposed to be doing . 
i did n't see shit . maybe he bump ref w shoulder ? 	the ref grabbed him , if that 's why he called t . fuck me . this is some of the worst basketball i 've seen . 
that 's up to us . bad call can fire a team up . get them over the top . our choice 	true . still a shit call though . 
i 'd rather lose by 3 after that come back rather than being blown out by 20 . tough loss but that game could of ended a lot worse for us 	i agree . bench needed that confidence after not playing so well this series . i 'm confident we 'll take game 4 . 
what the ever loving fuck is that bullshit . teague never opened his mouth . 	i did n't see shit . maybe he bump ref w shoulder ? 
that radio call on the moose three was beautiful . 	ca n't wait to hear it later 
can we try hack a nene for 8 minutes ? 	is that a song ? 
the hawks are playing bad basketball . they should try playing good basketball 	if jeff teague scores 200 points we have a good chance of winning the game . 
bryce harper walk off homer , paul pierce lucky bank shot game winner . i have n't been this angry in my entire life 	you seem to have missed out when the falcons lost to the jets and the braves got bounced out by the dodgers in the playoffs in the same night . 
what the fuck . bud needs to give the coach of the year award back . yea im dead serious . his gameplan in the playoffs has been fucking awful . 	seems like these guys need to be yelled at . need a good dose of shame for this shit 
millsap has been scratched for tonight 's game 	from the starting line up . not from the game 
is it possible we just do n't have a very good basketball team ? 	nope . however it seems we can play one on tv 
keep your torch though , we 're heading over to another thread after coffee and you 'll need it . 	as a coffee barista tender who works at 4 : 30 in the morning , and who is currently working at 6 : 26 , please , allow me to bring the coffee . there is nothing else to do here . 
you just got a dumb hacker . once he figures out how to use his new cheats he will be back and clear you out . cheers . : d 	the people that buy cheats are generally too dumb to figure things like that out . 
but kissing is a serious thing . the first kiss is a super important part of a relationship . i ca n't just have an urge for it . it has to come naturally . 	steven universe . you are a beautiful innocent ball of rose fluff . 
cash only . 	but i do n't have any money . 
it was a bookstore from 1983 to 2009 . it was six years ago . why such sass ? 	because 6 years is n't that super long ago . 
it was n't that long ago , so yes . 	it was a bookstore from 1983 to 2009 . it was six years ago . why such sass ? 
i deal with hicks who on a regular basis , cross the center line and drift towards me intentionally . i 'm not going to just let that slide . how do you propose i deal with them ? 	you video them and show the police they 're threatening you with a deadly weapon . 
you video them and show the police they 're threatening you with a deadly weapon . 	cops in this area would laugh and not pursue it . sad but true . 
such as fight politically for a better system . 	a better system that rewards failure ? if you study hard , get good grades , scramble , hustle , come in earlier , leave later , and focus on your goals , you wo n't be making minimum wage . 
i want to complain but i 'm too afraid of being wrong or ridiculed for saying something people do n't want to hear so i grow spiteful of the invisible people and their invisible opinions . 	use another throwaway if you 'd like . we 're here to complain , read complaints , or both . feel completely free to write anything . 
no it does n't and just stop with this crap 	this is not crap , i have provided proof that i am not a troll already to the mod .  feel free to ask me anything . 
dropkick puts on a hell of a show , right ? i saw them at riot fest last summer . 	yea they do . i remember that it just felt like one crazy party in there the entire time they were on stage . 
crush them , burn the remains , call in a tactical nuclear strike just to be sure 	ripley : i say we take off and nuke the entire site from orbit . it 's the only way to be sure . 
male friend comes over to female friend 's house at 4am . he 's not expecting to get laid at all ! 	yeah , this is an area where most women completely lack the ability to read men . 
great post !  i do want to point out that smelter is probably not going to be in the mix at wr this year , given his recent acl tear . he appears to be another redshirt rookie . 	people are anticipating he 'll be ready by camp . 
good fucking god that 's hot . i love the editing , and she screams so nicely . the only complaint i have is that her studs were wearing condoms . 	you mean i should put her on bc so she can bb the bbc ?   
i do n't disagree that it can be miserable to play against , but considering how long the card 's been out , why have n't they banned it already ? 	its not hard to kill . 
she 's a disgusting , invasive , sicko . your boundaries and rights mean nothing compared to her wants in her disgusting , perverted , twisted mind . what a terrible person . 	i am so disgusted by her behavior . 
i think thats a rather poor comparison unless the lamp now comes with the table and you have no option of getting it by it self leaving you with being forced to buy the table twice . 	well , you got the point of it at least . 
yes . but see all that organic matter that is n't broken down ? it 's breaking it down for you . it wo n't hurt you or your carrots . it 's your friend . 	you mean it 's helping to break down the soil ? 
this is why decent people need access to firearms . period . the criminals will always have them no matter what the law . 	i knew this would start a sidearm circle jerk .  it 's a ccw wet dream ! 
this is why decent people need access to firearms . period . the criminals will always have them no matter what the law . 	could not be more wrong .  case in point : australia . we got everyones guns , and destroyed them . we 're all better off for it . 
this is literally breaking one of the 4 basic rules of firearm safety . this is how people become statistics . 	yeah you know what else is breaking a rule ? a group of three armed men trying to rob you and your wife at gunpoint . 
this is why decent people need access to firearms . period . the criminals will always have them no matter what the law . 	just compare gun crimes statistics to a country that has outlawed guns . you 're answer to gun crime is more guns ? that 's like saying unprotected sex is a cure for aids . 
he died later , second one was found by the police , and the third one was hit and went to a hospital seeking for help . 	cool , how did you find out ? 
not sure what kind of garage door you have , but if something stops mine from closing then it 'll re - open as not to crush or hurt anybody . 	very old models would n't stop for anything . killed a few children before they started using the safety reverse . 
i 'm not a democrat nor do i believe that you should have to join a criminal organization to convert them to your believes . 	i sorry you have lost me now . you are part of a democratic society are you not ? e . g . you have the opportunity to vote ? 
wow , that 's a lot cheaper than i 'd imagined , are those guns still around the same price today ? 	i can speak for the mosin - they 're cheap because they 're all used . as in used in ww2 . most are n't in perfect , or even good , condition . 
there is something to be said for being able to run away after getting shot 3 or 4 times . 	yeah ; adrenaline . hell of a drug . 
background checks would prolly be enough . it just too easy now . there has to be a way firearms can be tracked 	we already have background checks .  tracking does n't do anything as canada already proved . they eliminated their long rifle registration system because it plain did n't work . 
when you are being attacked by 3 men and they could all be armed you do n't have time to check if anyone is behind them in a dark street . 	this is literally breaking one of the 4 basic rules of firearm safety . this is how people become statistics . 
because humans never change right ? yeah once a decent person , always a decent person .   talk about a subjective view . 	actually , that 's right . humans do n't change . decent people tend to stay decent people and criminals tend to stay criminals . and morons stay morons . 
depends on the caliber and the distance .    a high powered rifle close up can punch a hole the size of your fist when it exits your flesh .    small hand guns are usually not that messy . 	do n't forget the type of bullet . hollow point vs full metal jackets for example . 
yeap , you pull a gun , you make it count . otherwise do n't . 	maybe in america . in third world countries i imagine you wo n't get fucked in court like you will here if you pull a gun . 
thanks for letting everyone know you bought someone gold . 	you ok buddy , feel left out ? do you want some gold too ? 
read a lot about school knifing massacres in the uk then do you ? 	nope , i do n't read about alot of shooting massacres either . the other guy cited 2 knife attacks , and england is much smaller than the us . 
that garage door took half a millennium to close . 	that 's why they 're called half millennium doors . 
id rather see a guy running at me with a knife than see a guy standing 10 feet away from me pointing a gun . 	you 'd rather get stabbed and bleed to death on the ground that have to give up your wallet ? 
you wanna take your chances with your wife upstairs against three armed men ? yeah they might rob you , or worse . you wanna sit around and find out ? or protect your family ? 	hell , the wife might actually enjoy the company of real men after dealing with a pussy , liberal husband for so many years . 
4 shots in the gut is bad for your health . 	airs you out a bit . 
so basically you have to hit a major organ like the heart or brain to see any instant response ?  a little about me : do n't know anything about guns . 	the only way to get an instant stop is to hit the central nervous system . 
i 'm glad at least one other person understands . i 'm proud you have the balls to show it as well . 	these gun threads are weird . like there 's no room for any kind of rational discussion . 
huh ? i was just conveying how a liberal lawyer would change around so it was the robbers who were the victims . . . ya dumb ass 	i know exactly what you were conveying , and out is absolutely ridiculous , what you are saying makes absolutely no sense . 
why is there no blood ? 	9mm to the chest loss all there force and do not exit , unlike being shot by a rifle . 
whoa whoa whoa . like all humans ? are there exceptions ? 	so far , i 'm pretty sure i 'm invincible . will report back if the facts change however . 
it pisses me off , too . and i do n't even live there . you could always join us in texas . we 're about to go to open carry here . 	how the fuck are you not allowed to open carry in texas of all places . 
9mm to the chest loss all there force and do not exit , unlike being shot by a rifle . 	depends on the type and load of the round , but generally yes . 
this is why decent people need access to firearms . period . the criminals will always have them no matter what the law . 	yet restricting access seems to work for other countries , read australia .  incoming down votes for not agreeing with the hive mind . 
failed his initiative , and his will save . 	he did make his fort save , though the bleeding damage sent him negative . if he had n't been in an evil party maybe his cleric could have thrown a heal or two . 
man these psychopaths love death and destruction . they 're happy to tell stories like this . it 's disturbing . the news is n't actual news and i hate that old people still watch that shit . 	they report what gets the highest ratings , sadly . 
this is why decent people need access to firearms . period . the criminals will always have them no matter what the law . 	except we just learned it does n't matter . they will apparently just run away and return for revenge .   
this is why decent people need access to firearms . period . the criminals will always have them no matter what the law . 	yeah i mean huge amount of gun crime in america compared to other countries just makes no sense . 
for all the people against owning a gun , what would have happened in that situation if that fellow was n't armed ? 	we are not against hand grenades . 
depends on whether they put a bullet in you anyway . they do n't have masks , why should they leave witnesses ? 	that 's true , unless you consider the fact that criminals do not really want to become a prime suspect of a murder investigation ? 
go to cuba . the totalitarian government made it incredibly safe for tourists . i 'm not kidding , the idea of a drug cartel on castro 's soil kidnapping tourists is unimaginable . 	thank you communism ! 
i think it 's ironic that the criminals did n't appear to have guns . 	what are you talking about , the guy that went for the car door had a gun . 
thanks man that was a close one . we 're even now . 	but the girls are so hot . i 'm going man , i 'm fucking going ! 
you 'd rather get stabbed and bleed to death on the ground that have to give up your wallet ? 	lets assume both people intend to kill me . or are you under the assumption guns are strictly used for intimidation , and knives strictly for killing ? 
this is why decent people need access to firearms . period . the criminals will always have them no matter what the law . 	i would have said , give them jobs and a purpose in life . but hey , whatever works for you . 
this is why decent people need access to firearms . period . the criminals will always have them no matter what the law . 	well , it goes deeper than that . brazil has some major issues for this to happen in the first place . more guns for the good guys might be a bandaid type fix , but it does nothing long term 
does n't sound like a problem . those countries can just make laws against it . 	it works in australia , so why would n't it work in a completely different country with completely different circumstances ? 
thanks man that was a close one . we 're even now . 	but that was n't even the same guy 
i can bring cah if you want , i was the dude who won it last year 	that would be great ! i will make another post about it in a few days . 
wait what happened ? 	go ahead and read the comments here . should clear things up . 
nope . he 's way better than all those players .  healthy kd and bron will be on that list for 5 more years minimum . 	i do n't think a 35 - year - old lebron will be as dominant as people think . 
it 'd test against 'a 'to see if there are any characters then it 'd go out of bounds because there are n't any characters prior to that . is my thinking on the right track ? 	exactly . you need to skip any words in the dictionary that are less than three letters long . 
i would love to see a microwave that heats food thoroughly with a consistent temperature , just so i know my great grandkids wo n't have to deal with that . 	i think we can give up on things that are clearly impossible . 
a chip in the back of their head that contains the sum of human knowledge , like a wikipedia that feeds directly into your brain . 	the google - wikipedia merger software that finally replaced our brains , basically . 
a chip in the back of their head that contains the sum of human knowledge , like a wikipedia that feeds directly into your brain . 	i have one in my hand currently , one that is implanted would make me nervous . 
or use the gems on coby who is very worth special farming for and also gives better pirate exp . 	even with the above things in mind , i still want to at least kill mc once just to see what it 's like : p 
even with the above things in mind , i still want to at least kill mc once just to see what it 's like : p 	well yeah one is definitely worth it , just not really necessary to farm multiple to level his special . 
hes worth farming for doflamingo when comes later on , a double monster chopper team can easily clear him 	is monster chopper actually good ? the huge negative recovery stat seems like a real turn off for me . 
space issues ? i never wait for skill up rate , i plan on doing more than 100 runs . 	not really the best way to get skill ups , but hey , it 's your call . good luck ! 
given that barker has created hundreds of paintings of his own , i would n't be surprised if he designed the artwork . 	yeah , he has done that for several of his books . i ca n't really tell from the picture op posted , but it does have that kind of sloppy style of barker 's . 
this just seems like a clever ploy so she could eat a whole cake . 	the only way to smash traditional gender rolls is to eat cake !  now , someone unplug my scooter ! i must spread my word at the bakery ! 
sometimes a post is so stupid that i immediately downvote it , and then i have to go back and upvote because i forget it is n't op saying it . 	i generally leave them alone because i get so mad about what is being said that i do n't want to upvote it because i feel like i 'm supporting it 
if it 's a social construct , why do n't women just become men in order to avoid oppression 	it 's a construct imposed by society based on your sex . an individual has no say in the gender category by which their culture judges them . 
this just seems like a clever ploy so she could eat a whole cake . 	i told my fiance if we ever have kids , we 're going to have a gender reveal party , and announce that we 're having a nazi - robot cyborg child , and just eat a shit ton of cake . 
gender is socially constructed though . like the op may be stupid , but gender is absolutely a social construct . 	i 'm just confused about why they did n't reveal the sex of the baby if gender is such a big deal 
it 's all in good fun . no worries , i 'm not an actual grammar nazi . 	i know . but gotta show proper respect to one of gaming 's founding fathers . 
vagina - kin , yes . 	so is that male or female presenting vagina kin ? 
have nothing but excuses too .   you must not mind paying ridiculous amounts for tiny bits of herb 	i know . you would think one person in a remote village would be smart enough to drop a seed in some dirt . i 'm sure there will be another excuse why that would work for him . 
wow . some of those look pretty elaborate and complicated . i think i might rather growing a normal plant before i try something as fancy looking as those . 	it 's basically a bucket fan and light . super easy , they like cool but really easy . 
just grow its really easy , its a weed and grows by itself ignored . but give it love and attention and it will reward you back ! 	i am just learning what kind of attention they might need because i 've seen loved plants that end up needing more than emotion to stay green forever . 
what does penis taste like ? 	it 's quite delicious , you should try it some time . 
with all the other solid parts on the bike , does it really make that much difference ? 	no . i 've been riding one for 15 years . they get blown around same as any other bike . no better , no worse . 
be careful if it gets windy on that thing . bikes with those wheels tend to blow around . i like it , nice ride . 	with all the other solid parts on the bike , does it really make that much difference ? 
solid body . you really need to do something about your skin . your hair 's a bit weird too , but it might be appealing to some . 	yeah i 've tried accutane before and it helped me a lot . it used to be a lot worse believe it or not . thank you for your feedback . 
thanks for the response ! i 'll definitely shoot you a pm when i 'm off work .  ps : could not agree more with your thoughts on pitchfork fest . i 'm sure it 'll be a fantastic time ! 	if you 're at pitchfork , maybe we can hang . 
quitting weed is even easier than quitting sugar and grains . min . 3 days , max . one week of being cranky , bored , and poor sleep , and you 're home free . 	sugar is fucking hard as fuck to stop . i 've got a bag of chocolates in my bag right fucking now in case of cravings . 
so there 's no auction house or equivalent that you can just list your items on for anyone in the whole game to buy ? only within your guild ? 	correct , eso does n't have global item sales or an economy to worry about . 
there 's guild traders in game . you can sell your items there , then it 's fully automated . 	so there 's no auction house or equivalent that you can just list your items on for anyone in the whole game to buy ? only within your guild ? 
that 's such a bad way to implement an auction house . 	its very great actually . it 's a living market , not just one auction house . i was sceptical at first too when they implemented it . 
this is beautiful . i do n't have much criticism except to maybe alter the structure , so the rhyming scheme is more obvious . works really well read aloud . good luck on thursday . 	thanks ! it does n't really have one specific rhyming scheme sadly , it 's a free writing i did a while back . 
i 'm giving it to herc . lobo can match him in strength and immortality , but herc has a lot of badass magical weapons with different abilities that can give him the edge 	what about round 1 ? 
why 'd you cut out the best part at the end when he turns into a pterodactyl ? 	link ? i think i 'd like to see that . 
you only get one native language . 	how 'd you learn your native language ? chances are if you ca n't answer how you 're a native . if you wanna hear me speak hit me up for my teamspeak n i 'll yell at you in spanish n shit 
holy shit that was spanish ? 	yeah , the first time i watched this i had no idea it was spanish and i speak spanish ! 
it 's pretty straight forward . put paste on , snap it in . 	i 've done it myself , and i can tell you that no functional cooler would run at that temp . 
as a spaniard it 's almost impossible to pay attention to the subtitles . 	holy shit that was spanish ? 
it sucks when you ca n't fully enjoy the video because you understand the language . 	please , tell me what this guy is saying . i showed this to a friend who speaks spanish natively and she does n't understand what the hell this guy is saying . 
i 've done it myself , and i can tell you that no functional cooler would run at that temp . 	maybe it was a bad one ? i 've installed more than enough to know how to do it . it 's a tiny little shitty heat sink . buying a proper one fixed my issues . 
you only get one native language . 	it 's possible to have two , if you grew up in a community speaking one language but your family speaks another , so that you learn both at the same time 
so its like an extra light bulb why do ppl make suck big deal out of it . 	modern led bulbs are 9 watts . 
i get that completely , so stop supporting it . do n't push out drivers that are n't tested . 	i did n't downvote you btw . i do n't know how that card works with current version of direct x but that is really the biggest problem with hardware that old . 
yeah , the first time i watched this i had no idea it was spanish and i speak spanish ! 	spanish is my native language for fucks sake . 
it sucks when you ca n't fully enjoy the video because you understand the language . 	you really understand his gibberish between the laughs ? i understand half of it at most 
and if anyone ever breaks those laws , citizens can just call the police . 	this would soooo work to improve personal safety for everyone . you should run for office with ideas like these . 
if they ban murder only criminals would have murder . 	only thing that stops a bad guy with murder is a good guy with murder . 
only thing that stops a bad guy with murder is a good guy with murder . 	murders do n't kill people , people kill people . 
this would soooo work to improve personal safety for everyone . you should run for office with ideas like these . 	i followed you , bro .  edit : shit , now i responded to the wrong comment . 
yeah but the first month is always free to get you to use the service , then if you do n't cancel they jack the rate way up . 	make sure you call in though . simply deleting it is n't enough , it 'll show up on your next bill . 
i will as soon as i do . but if you get other offers go for them buddy . 	thanks . i 'll keep you in mind friend . 
stalker - shadow of chernobyl , torchlight 2 and the elder scrolls games are worth a shot . it 's also worth giving diablo 3 a go too . 	i ca n't play shadow of chernobyl on my apu and r7 265 setup . massive micro stuttering issues . 
badass , young brother .  congrats . 	thanks man ! 
thanks buddy ! 	pal he 's a robot 
but in britain capital numbers are different . 	in for a penny , in for a pound i always say . it just makes cents . 
who exactly is the target market here ? 	the mid life crisis soccer moms who ate up 50 shades of grey . 
i come here to laugh , not to read depressing comics 	many polandball comics are depressing ; this one just does n't make you laugh while it makes you feel bad . 
bad automoderator . 	well , it did do a good job picking up the peasantry . even if it was overwhelming . 
hah , i work in the icu and wish i could work in home health , public health , or something outside the hospital instead . this is why i want to go onto grad school , to get out of the hospital . 	you say this as if it 's hard to get out . . . 
3k is really cheap . in forbes the average price for a maid is about 8k . drivers are more expensive , and it 's actually really hard to find good ones . i think we pay him about 15k . 	oh well forbes , the most rich area in the whole country it would be expected i guess . 
sleep is for the weak . 	beds are n't always for sleepy times . 
welcome to carl 's jr . would you like to try our extra big ass taco ? now with more molecules ! 	i am so happy people in this sub know of this movie ! 
compared to when though ? from a year ago , a week , a month ? 	compared to a few weeks ago . 
i 'm trying to hit 2 dozens posts in 1 week . trying to get my name out there , you know ? for da love of dem gainz , bruh 	the dude has a major addiction to posting threads . needs some sort of intervention or some shit . like every single day he 's gotta make at least three threads on different subs . 
do they last a long time ? 	yes . they hold up well and are definitely worth the money . 
i 've always gotten the single layer . the first week or so is rich breaking them in bit after that they 're amazing 	do they last a long time ? 
not sure i agree . however , i did laugh . 	that 's just my understanding . i will never wear either . 
get a pair of rainbows . they 're a classic look with khaki shorts and a button down . 	would you recommend the single or double layer ? heard they take awhile to break in 
get shorter shorts . 	how short ? 
you just posted this . atleast wait a couple days , man . 	did i ? my bad the first time i got an error , oops ! 
i think its a little bit more minty - green in a different light , but it is more of a turquoise ! i was surprised because its not her usual green but its still lovely . 	it does look pretty , but i kinda wish it was a bit more green . ah well . 
i really love these . i 'm curious though , is jupiter more green in person ? it almost looks like a turquoise color to me . 	i think its a little bit more minty - green in a different light , but it is more of a turquoise ! i was surprised because its not her usual green but its still lovely . 
yes im sure he is wishing he had a bunch 12s defending him on twitter right now . oh whatever will he do to get through this travesty ? 	he cared enough to clarify the situation with a follow up tweet . what 's with the sarcasm , dude ? no need to be rude . 
coffee is a drug , and a strong one . just saying . 	i do n't disagree , would love to go without it but i love coffee and i ca n't force myself to get decaf haha . 
i disagree , i find great comfort in knowing everything about me will end when i die .  who knows , you might be the first immortal cyborg clone , so i ca n't speak for you . 	the real question lies in what are you ? 
i know they do n't , i just could n't think of a better word . i 'm ashamed . 	your vocabulary is bad and you should feel bad .  no but really , fuck what the internet thinks . call it what you like , it 's your semi - anniversary after all 
the actual sex was completely legal . reminiscing about it when you 're past 30 is creepy . 	i know . just pointing out the underage bit was n't wholly accurate 
well , without pictures i suppose i could properly evaluate this situation if you tell me about the crazy hardcore monkey sex slowly and in great detail . 	did you miss the part about it being crazy hardcore underage monkey sex ? 
chose dorsett over him for a 1 day stream . fml . 	i did the exact same thing . ugh . 
it 's not the same . it 's a book . it 's not impaired driving either . it 's a book . 	reading a text . reading a novel .  what 's the difference ? 
it 's no more dangerous to ride here it 's just more crowded and so the frequency of interacting with idiots increases . 	i 've ridden in london and in my opinion it 's much more dangerous . like you say , the abundance of knob - heads makes it a minefield for cyclists . 
maybe that 's why shes driving recklessly . squash the kid in a wreck , save some cash . 	i did n't want to put it so bluntly , but yeah lol 
she could of easily hit and killed someone not looking at the road , i see this as the same as reporting drunk drivers . 	but so could tired drivers , so could alert drivers , i 've yet to read a statistic that links reading a book to major traffic fatalities 
i do n't know why you 're being down voted . i thought it was funny . 	i suppose truth - ro - dah would have been the stronger joke . but the comedy for me was in the build up . i 'm thankful that you appreciated it for what it was 
i suppose truth - ro - dah would have been the stronger joke . but the comedy for me was in the build up . i 'm thankful that you appreciated it for what it was 	now that you mention it truth - ro - dah is better . but it was funny anyways lol 
i just need to reinstall windows , but i could n't make a boot disk without a pc . haha . thanks !  what do you do ? i 'm a front end web developer . 	i do tier 2 tech support for a software company , plus i 'm finishing up a degree in computer science . 
i do tier 2 tech support for a software company , plus i 'm finishing up a degree in computer science . 	i 'm in my last semester of my degree in design . i had to drop my comp sci major due to the program being complete garbage . plus discrete math is literally the hardest thing ever . 
i do n't acknowledge half ass material design 	it does n't really mean half - assed , just that it belongs to the category of material design stuff . 
i think the 26th actually but same thing . chinese new years is a big deal to him . 	it 's a big deal to all of china 
sorry , just not big on cooking lessons 	i need to help you learn about soups ! 
i swear to god i 'll drive over there to kick your ass 	you do n't even know where i live !  and good luck trying to make it past my guard daughter . she 'll cute you to death . 
sometimes when i was getting sick of the diet i 'd do two cheat days in a row followed by a fasting day . i 'd still lose 2 - 3 pounds a week , even when i was very close to my ideal weight . 	thanks . that 's not a bad idea , though i 'm going to try to stick to a cheat night and just have fun at the game . it 's not like it 's every week . 
why the fuck would they move it down ? it was perfect the way it was ! god dammit ! 	they obviously do n't want people to use most recent . if they did you could set it as default and never worry about it . 
georgia too . i want a fucking permanent ooc game from them 	corn - dawg bowl ? hey , i tried . 
he 's been around since the original silk road , and he 's a very reliable vendor . 	i just would think if his services are so great why does n't he have more orders ? this seems like the most discreet way to cash in btc . although his fee is a little high 
i see your point , but yellow is not very visible either in bright light . 	i see your point but not on a bright sunny day . 
i see your point , but yellow is not very visible either in bright light . 	but you can at least see that green is not lit up so at the very least you should proceed with caution . 
a blinking green light on a sunny day is asking for an accident . 	i see your point , but yellow is not very visible either in bright light . 
i do n't think you are in position to say that . what are you ? high school education at best ?   	i 'm actually president obama . see , i can lie on the internet too . 
then you 'd best study up . 	i do n't think you are in position to say that . what are you ? high school education at best ?   
was it his hair ? 	he does have a bit of facial hair so i suggested that could be it , but he thinks it was one of my head hairs . 
but then , what do you lick at the end of the bag ? 	the bag itself , obviously . just turn it inside out as you go . 
how did you make it a reliable habit ? i think that 's the hardest part for most of us . 	i just keep a running list of tasks in an excel spreadsheet . everytime i get something new , i add it to the list . things i 've completed get moved to a different sheet for record - keeping . 
learning to drive a manual was so frustrating and stressful for me at first . now i hate driving automatics . 	depends for me , i drive an automatic right now because the streets of san francisco are infuriating enough without having to worry about hills lol . 
i rave about my girlfriend 's massages , why ? free massages . there 's a good chance you 're being duped . 	hey man you 've got the best money i 've ever seen 
asking people how it 's going when at a cash register or bar . you make friends and earn respect with a simple question . 	but can i win friends and influence people ? 
driving a manual .  sure , it is a bit hard to learn but as soon as you do it is like riding a bike . 	learning to drive a manual was so frustrating and stressful for me at first . now i hate driving automatics . 
plus good life hygiene : drinking water , working out , not smoking , eating healthy , good skincare routine etc . 	do n't forget mental health ! 
try 5 years . it hits fast . 	well that 's why i quit smoking and started using sunscreen ! 30 hit me hard . 
just because they do n't look like they had plastic surgery does n't mean they did n't . most of the time you realize plastic surgery it is plastic surgery gone wrong . 	that 's the question . we all know they 've had surgery or something ; the question is what and why it looks so much better , since presumably the issue is n't money or access . 
well that 's why i quit smoking and started using sunscreen ! 30 hit me hard . 	it 's like we 're living the same life . i 'm crossing my fingers that the years of smoking does n't rear it 's ugly head and ruin my face . 
the part where kanye dresses her , the obsession with contouring , or plastic surgery ? 	kanye should really stop dressing her . the clothes he chooses does not suit her body type at all . 
i do n't mind crow 's feet at all . i think they 're nice and show that you 've smiled a lot . 	yeah i actually find lines around the eyes really attractive on older women . within reason obviously , but more pleasant than an entirely wrinkle - free face . 
that is light drinking ! i think at that level it is probably a bit healthy for you . the people i know drink daily and then binge drink on the weekends and they are well past their 20s ! 	the sad fact of life at my age is that i get drunk on 2 glasses of wine and sick or hungover on 3 . oh well , at least i can party on the cheap ! 
mine comes from my xbox gamertag , but there 's a space between recon and eg .  edit : the recon comes from battlefield : bad company 2 , and eg was the acronym of the clan i was in . 	it 's about ethics in game journalism 
great ! i can trade in about 10 minutes if that 's cool with you . 	fine by me ! 
awesome , i 'm happy with those ! 	great ! i can trade in about 10 minutes if that 's cool with you . 
you can all thank me for buying the pro version of beyond pod that made this happen exactly a day later . 	you 're the real hero here . now , can you go buy something to make press update ? 
yesterday i managed to make hm crota enrage after 13 . 5 swings with the sword . its supposed to be at 15 . 	same for hard mode i only did 14 r2 smashes it went 4 4 second sword 3 3 and then he enraged went back to watch the clip it only was 14 i do n't get it . is my numbers off ? 
your entire post should noneify your ability to become a doctor . 	fucking seriously . this person is part of the problem . 
ca n't even be happy about it , that 's the sad bit 	this changes a lot for the 2nd leg really , have to be happy about it .  edit : nevermind , we 're more than likely out . 
class goal , shit at keeping the ball 1 minute later . this is why arsenal fans never live long . 	he does n't have the awareness of a midfielder , much better on the right wing 
it 's all uphill from here buddy . you 'll feel better each day . and remember , there 's always people here to listen if you need help . 	would n't it be downhill ?  like , it 's easier to walk down a hill because gravity and whatnot . 
all the stories are good but smugglers get the best lines in the game . 	i would argue that bounty hunters get the second best . 
i 'm surprised they did n't say carmen as the girl they would put j - lo 's look on . 	i 'm sure they do n't want those close personal friends to get dress envy 
yea , i 'll admit , i 'm not the cleanest person . but thanks to that comment , i will vacuum now . 	no worries bro . my carpet is usually just as dirty when i post stuff . i just keep it away from the edges where all the dirt and stuff collects . it is my shame . - _ - 
it could mean trans woman of color ? not sure . 	oh , that makes sense in the context of the sentence it was written , i see it now . ty 
by then i think there will be no stores left to buy from , so ra will be a thing of the past . 	it will be interesting to see how groceries develop in the next 5 years . i estimate that this sector will remain relatively untouched due to the costs of shipping . 
how hot should the iron be ? 	lowest setting . vinyl becomes very soft with even moderate heat . you could even run your cut piece under hot tap water . 
the simpsons game is n't bad . 	have n't played it myself , but all i 've ever heard about it was that it was pretty mediocre and slightly disappointing . 
he 's also lost all hope from his eyes and happiness from his smile . that does n't help . wow . 	obama or frank ?  for all the shit he has had to put up with from both inside and outside the us , obama has certainly felt the effects of the position . 
from what i remember it was really sudden . it seemed like episode 13 he was suddenly old and frail with grey hair . they should 've made it more gradual . 	i just assumed kevin spacey had dyed it dark for some other role . 
anyone with a waifu week flair is a weeb . 	ca n't i appreciate a female character for her personality and inherent base stats and not have her be my waifu ? 
any more info on the ipad mini ? storage size ? generation ?   	sorry , it 's a 16gb 1st gen 
and how much down in price would you like it to go ? 	i dont have a number really . someone else just told me that my build was needlessly expensive . 
germany ? 	close , belgium . 
so just heat it and let it cool a few times without any water or oil ? after that i guess i just start dabbing like its already a seasoned nail ? 	no you read it wrong . use oil 
i do n't dream after smoking .  i have muscle spasms then pass the fuck out . 	yea its when you dont smoke that day that you have vivid dreams . 
you ca n't secure a cell phone . 	the best way to do a secure call is to do it on a burner and then dump it . you can use the best encryption in the world , someone , somewhere , is listening . 
this is my favourite approach to high - rarity figures : weird mechanics that make the game more interesting instead of more competitive . i felt the same way about white rabbit . 	it 's a fun looking figure . would be tough to make competitive , but for casual games i could see it being silly fun . 
i was wanting to get a lip and skirt . but like you i live in an area with snow and a lot of ice . do you swap it every season ? 	no i got side swiped and those parts have been on national back order . i 've been waiting for them since december . 
funnily enough being a straight male is technically a mutation . 	man , people got mad at you . 
i can turn invisible as long as no one is looking . 	that could still be useful for getting past security cameras . does it count if there 's someone watching the monitors , or does direct eyesight disable your invisibility ? 
i can bend the fingers of my right hand all the way back to touch the top of my hand . 	i used to be able to do this with my left index finger . freaked a lot of people out in high school . hurts like he 'll when i try now . but it still goes pretty far before it starts hurting . 
i can fold a fitted sheet . 	shit , you 're basically a god in my book . 
i can change the colour of the hair on my left forearm . not all of them , just one . 	and only in different shades of the same color . look , it 's blond ! now it 's yellow ! now it 's gold ! 
haha so this is a friend of mine 's dream , he 'd like to be able to save all of the pooping for one time when its convenient . like once a month set aside a few hours for pooping . 	tell him it would suck .  source : me 
sense women 's menstrual cycles . 	when i was in highschool , i could smell them  
and only in different shades of the same color . look , it 's blond ! now it 's yellow ! now it 's gold ! 	too much power in one single hair ! 
haha so this is a friend of mine 's dream , he 'd like to be able to save all of the pooping for one time when its convenient . like once a month set aside a few hours for pooping . 	dude i would love that . can you imagine the sense of incredible relief after that day ? holy shit . 
i only have to poop once a month ? 	haha so this is a friend of mine 's dream , he 'd like to be able to save all of the pooping for one time when its convenient . like once a month set aside a few hours for pooping . 
starting to feel optimistic we can get some points from them . 	you 've caused us a few problems this season , i suspect you 'll beat them at least once . 
how do you know you hurt it due to apt and not due to a form mistake ?  if your back is hurt , yea , definitely do n't put weight on it . 	it 's kind of both . the apt kind of forces me to hyper extend the arch of my back which is what hurt me . 
great song , was playing during my shower , found it fitting 	reminds me of spending my days watching music videos on mtv . 
the initial revolutionary leader is always like that . his successor rarely is .  i 'm sure there is a stalin to my lenin . 	for every person you choose to let live i 'm going to kill two when i become leader . 
did you read the part of the article where his family said that his greatest wish for his death was to not have it broadcast on social media ?  and you go and post it to reddit . 	it 's news relevant to this subreddit . 
one of the best actors of our time . 	i agree . he 's brilliant .  just because he 's a method actor does n't make him any less impressive . 
i liked that movie . toby was pretty great in it imo . 	the scene where he goes in on the kitchen was gold . 
shia was great in fury but him pulling out his teeth and slashing his cheek does n't get my respect . it 's a stupid thing to do and beyond the limit 	i already knew that he had pulled out his tooth when i saw the movie , and i still never once noticed a missing tooth through the whole movie . yeah , that was totally pointless . 
holy shit o . o 	deer lord .   
really ? i thought that season only had like 2 funny episodes 	talk about downvoted for an opinion . sheesh 
for cape fear he had his teeth pulled and put back in crooked . and then pulled again and straightened after it finished . 	according to wikipedia , he had his teeth ground down , not pulled . that 's an impressive level of dedication , nonetheless . 
oh my god , that 's so fucking annoying . 	but seeing his acting in that movie makes it worth it . 
this is my favorite one so far . it 's simple , it 's a beloved movie , it 's charlie sheen , and thinking back on the movie it totally worked . 	that 's how i felt as well . i think it 's great considering he had such a minor role in the movie .  edit : wrong role , must have been hungry . 
agree . so many people i talk to or comments i read say they did n't enjoy it , but i thought it was a great film and a great performance by maguire . 	great movie , really bad ending . 
they never had sex . they kissed , that 's it . tobey just thought they were because it was a reasonable assumption and because he was a little batshit . 	yeah , there 's a part where natalie portman asks her daughter why she would lie about them sleeping together . 
charlie sheen stayed up for 48 hours straight to prepare for his role in ferris bueller 's day off . 	this is my favorite one so far . it 's simple , it 's a beloved movie , it 's charlie sheen , and thinking back on the movie it totally worked . 
yeah i 've seen it but i never knew production was such hell . why did brando do all this shit ? especially to someone he worked with years prior and helped restore credibility to his name 	he just did n't give a fuck about anything at that point in his life . 
shia was great in fury but him pulling out his teeth and slashing his cheek does n't get my respect . it 's a stupid thing to do and beyond the limit 	and bale almost starving himself to death gets your respect ? i get the machinist called for it , but even his co workers thought he was going to be dead . 
i guess he stayed in character because there was n't a commentary on the dvd 	tropic thunder reference ? have an upvote 
i liked that movie . toby was pretty great in it imo . 	agree . so many people i talk to or comments i read say they did n't enjoy it , but i thought it was a great film and a great performance by maguire . 
funny you mention that because all the other cast members talk about how they were afraid to actually hit brad pitt ! 	his face was too pretty even with dirty makeup . 
i did n't say he was n't trying to look fatter than he was . i do think he gained weight for the joke , though . 	if he was trying to look fatter than he actually was , why would n't he just gain more weight since he is perfectly willing to do so for a bit ? just does n't make sense . 
sounds like an ass to work with . 	i agree with alfred hitchcock ; fuck method actors . 
oh you mean besides the 14 years of unending war our generation has fought in iraq and afghanistan . 	equally if you 're from a war torn country you may well disagree . i dare say the youth of syria know a thing or two about the realities of war . 
yeah if there could some sources for all of those that would be great . 	too late . they 're accepted as fact at this point . 
so he learned to play it without looking . maybe he knew how to play but occasionally had to look so this forced him to become better ? dunno . 	he 's been playing piano since he was 5 , and it 's been part of his stand - up acts for decades . 
that article is just about how some actors are n't good at comedy . it says nothing about him being talented or not . 	i think the point is that a talented actor should be able to do both drama and comedy . 
emily blunt learned ballet from scratch for the adjustment bureau , which i think is no small feat 	thanks for reminding me that this movie existed . it was such a great movie and i shall watch it again tonight ! cheers . 
charlie sheen stayed up for 48 hours straight to prepare for his role in ferris bueller 's day off . 	with the amount of cocaine he was probably doing i 'm gonna guess he did n't have to go too far out of his norm to stay up for 48 hours 
dude , any hobo can starve themselves .   that argument is ridiculous , i see starving hobos all the time , and they do n't even have to try . 	maybe i should have used the word asshole instead of hobo . 
well done , because it was an amazing movie and he won an oscar for it . 	and he 's still the youngest male best actor winner . and his speech was amazing . 
it 's frustrating if your team does n't have any stuns . 	hint : you can play a hero that has lots of stuns . : p 
i 'm not sure moving screenshots off the subreddit would go over well . ca n't see making it mandatory but feel free to leave feedback . 	i would love to see one dedicated photo thread to reduce the clutter of this sub . 
the only problem i see with the artillery airstrike idea , is that its a pretty big scale skill to pull off . so it might be an ultimate . it would be interesting 	the ai in minions are kind of a fickle thing , no doubt a lot of bugs will happen , its a lot of interaction stuff 
i 've always really like characters that are based off of manipulating environment and spacing . they 've always seemed the most fun to play with and against . 	agreed . since it seems movement options are a key part of this game , i 'm sure there will be more heroes involved in being able to shut those options down . 
i 'd prefer another sniper character who can get close to front lines and does n't have to charge for ages to build up an instakill on low health classed . 	to be honest , when i played widow maker , i did n't charge at all . and i was still killing people with 1 or 2 shots , depending on a head shot or not . especially low hp guys lol . 
where do you receive the seeds from ? i would contact the seed source for accurate information . 	i ca n't figure out the source because the watermelon seed envelope is in a different language . i got the other seeds from someone that does n't speak english so i 'm out of luck . 
that dude is an aggro shill or something , likes to come in kia threads and post dumb and disingenuous shit . do n't bother engaging as he is not here to debate in good faith . 	i see this now . i didnt actually realize i was talking to the same person across several threads . i just thought a short bus crashed into this sub 
you may taste wherever you like ! 	oh you are so hot ! i 'd be stuck eating your ass , it looks so damn good 
well it kinda bites the dust , at least for me , this since place was literally 5 minutes from my house 	the grass is not always greener , it just may be spray paint on mud . 
ultras are more for the love of the game , while big marathons are business ventures . 	nah , i love my one per year marathon . it 's probably the only fee that i never hesitate to pay . 
out of the 5 marathons in the world majors category ; only boston is worth doing . the others are for bragging rights . 	what 's the scoop about the newest major , tokyo ? 
keep in mind ultras 's do n't have to close city roads . 	definitely , but , for me at least , that adds value . terrain that 's r more challenging yet still easier on my body ? sure , go ahead and charge me less for something i prefer ! 
same , it always gave me a laugh . 	his grandfather told you the same joke ? how strange . 
his grandfather told you the same joke ? how strange . 	grandpa was a player . 
steven did warn us about a giant foot , i never thought it would be big foot ! 	it was n't . it was big hand ! 
i know this feeling bro , but yeah having a girlfriend is great actually . 	yes , if you are ready . happy for you ! 
happy to be alone ? that 's a rationalization for not putting yourself out their and meeting someone . 	you can be happy alone or at least happier than you 'd be if you were stuck in a relationship . and not having a gf does n't mean to be alone , you still have friends and family . 
you should be working not watching videos of twerking why are you on reddit ?  you know you must edit get back to work you fool or you 'll never end up with an in - home pool edit : typos ! 	oh man thats funny , theres a typo there but its still pretty good . 
they are going to be holding a survey for people who played the demo so i 'm pretty sure they want people to be critiquing it . they want to know what people liked and did n't like . 	the demo is for mechanics , not story in any form , on any level . 
magic johnson is still the only reason anyone thinks heterosexual men can get hiv via heterosexual sex . he also seems to have been the first person to beat it . 	fact : the safest form of sex is hot , steamy girl - on - girl action . makes me wanna be a girl . or a film producer . 
it 's very unlikely to get aids as a man through vaginal intercourse . 	you think he was n't ass - fucking bitches ? 
magic johnson is still the only reason anyone thinks heterosexual men can get hiv via heterosexual sex . he also seems to have been the first person to beat it . 	it 's very unlikely to get aids as a man through vaginal intercourse . 
it 's very unlikely to get aids as a man through vaginal intercourse . 	it 's also very unlikely to shove a butter knife in your eye while making a ham sandwich . i suspect the percentages are equal on the two possibilities . 
same here . under different circumstances i would n't have him as a follower because he 's just not serious enough for the tone of skyrim , but he 's too funny to not take him . 	honestly , one of my main issues is that i was going to have my character be a snarky , independent high elf dude , but he 's stolen my thunder ! 
i always thought it was because he just escaped from prison . 	safe to say you now know the real reason ? 
i 'm home about 11pm , ok ? 	i need to know what time zone you re in dude . looking forward to our trade : d 
i am sorry but 15 year old me would have had sex with her . i would not have had ptsd 10 years down the road either . 	so you are saying rape is ok as long as the person doing it is attractive ? 
how would you feel if the fifteen year old was your daughter or niece and the guy was hugh jackman or will smith ? still okay ? 	i 'd personally be okay with it , as i know i would have jumped at the chance to be with their female counterparts at that age . 
so do you play on the ground if nobody else is flying ? if so do you think that is common behavior ? be honest . 	if our team is losing i get in the tank and cap objectives , but as long as we 're winning i 'll get in the jet or heli . 
conceptually the street car should run on a specific , regular schedule with sufficient trips to actually support usage . 	conceptually , but this is affected by traffic on the roads and follows the normal bus route , correct ? 
the jump button for dying light . 	ty , i have n't picked it up yet . i 'll give the switch a try when i do . 
wow . after listening to call me baby , i was n't too excited for the album because i found it to be a little bland , but this song might be one of my favourites that exo has ever released . 	i 'm trying to put my finger on what it is exactly . at first i thought it was the intro , but now i 'm thinking it 's just that they 're not screaming in unison . 
wow that is actually a great painting . i 'm personally a former catholic , now atheist , but fuck , when it comes down to it , jesus was pretty metal 	jesus is an arab , so the depiction of jesus in this painting is not accurate . it is a nice painting nevertheless . 
you will sweat a lot . it will be ridiculously hot . otherwise have fun . 	mostly because of humidity . the heat itself was n't so bad , especially with the occasional rain . 
what do you mean ? the unsc infinity ?  edit : oh , you 're talking about that building ? 	not the infinity but the structure in the background where it looks like a super carrier . its definitely the same structure from the concept art way back in 2014 . 
i 'd farm the torgue machines if you can . very much less time consuming than lee . obviously you need the tokens , but that takes like 2 or 3 hours tops . 	yeah i know . i just asked if they fixed these incredible low drop rate for the uh 
nicely done , good luck with your store 	not my store . i asked about buying one and the dude just sent me a link . thought i 'd pass it on to others who had interest . 
wow , man , these are really awesome ! are you going to have any for sale ? i would totally buy these ! really nice work ! 	i am working on it . 
i do like a nice futuristic cyan , like isaac 's helmet in dead space . other than that probably purple . 	til ;  futuristic cyan is a color 
you smashed it man !  yeah been thinking about it , i guess it 's just seeing how many people would be interested to have a crack at a remix . 	i 'm shit a producing but fuck yeah i 'd have a go . 
what does your bass design process usually look like ?  what fx do you tend to use on basses ? 	a fucking mess and lots of filters of every type . 
what 's your favourite colour ? 	i do like a nice futuristic cyan , like isaac 's helmet in dead space . other than that probably purple . 
all a matter of perspective . personally , i feel this game is very worth the asking price . it all depends on what you want out of it . 	well i hope the op appreciates that i brought relevant examples to the table before laying down my opinion , rather than seemingly plucking it from thin air . 
i do that too . it 's a way to begin again . for example , nothing is obscured anything . which is funny , no matter how i look at it . 	knowledge is the weirdest shit in the world . it takes some crazy mental effort to sit there and know things . 
not really . once a day absolute max , but only for short bursts . most of the time it 's like once a week . 	are you at least lasting long enough to let them finish ? if so then at least you have that going . 
did n't watch the video but this is one of my fav . games from my child hood . i play it on my note 4 every now n then . 	yeah ! it 's definitely a pick - up - and - play game . great for short bursts , and time - wasting . 
i do n't crave meth one bit , and i was a daily iv user only a month ago . so , no , i do n't think it 's permanent 	i do n't crave meth per se , but i definitely like it and will order a gram occasionally just to have a fun stim time for a week or two . 
i 'm not the greatest shitlord of all time , but do we make fun of little bit overweight people ? or do we keep making fun of obese people ? 	fat is fat , no exceptions 
video editing goes smoother with an fx . even though you have a limited budget i still say go for the fx because of that . 	an athlon x4 would be faster than any fx cpu he could afford . 
haha , nice surprise son ! : p bitch of a song , is n't it 	haha , thanks dad ! 
then again it 's free so what 's to lose really ? 	millions of games are free , nobody could play them all . 
what is dynamic weather ? it rained in black ops 2 , lol . 	maps can take place at day or night with different weather ? 
the owners have made her certification publicly aware and have a copy of it posted on their office doors ! the administration refuses to acknowledge it ! 	look we get it , you and your fellow students like the dog . she is at best an esa and at worst just a pet with fake documentation . the admin is under no obligation to allow ivy back on campus . 
thanks . so it will effectively be like a gif - timeline of the game happening ? ajax updates so no refreshing ? 	yep exactly . it also gives you a notification on the reddit logo if it 's not your current tab to show you that new updates have been posted 
when you need to kill something quietly . 	bows are great for silence . if you 're out of gunpowder and a long ways from civilization , you 'll have a much easier time making arrows than bullets too . 
please stop downvoting . he was just asking a question . 	well i was at - 37 this morning so im making progress ! stay positive ! 
til having an open mind is just not giving a shit anymore .  seriously though , everyone should listen to what they like and if someone else disagrees with it then that 's their problem . 	when you do n't care what people think of you for listening and doing something you may find more things you like thus opening your mind . 
now you know how visitors feel at the united center . 	well at least your team could stop that from happening . fall out boy before and after every commercial and 6 times every intermission . 
oh my god .  please . no espn played centuries during the college football playoff so much so that fall out boy actually apologized in twitter .  i do n't want to hear that song anymore 	now you know how visitors feel at the united center . 
the stun effect is practically non existent with hard wired , it 's not overpowered 	stops you from shooting does n't it ? i do n't run it usually i just go off of what pros say for some things cause they play 12 hours a day 
so what 's my best course of action now ? 	find something else to do with your time and contact her next week . unless she hinted that she wants you to follow up sooner . 
i 'd prefer a pig iron reskin . 	pig iron tools make oink sound . 
i hope you took her out to a special lunch .  she deserves it .  thanks for being a great pet parent . 	i was unable to , sadly . finances are messed up right now , so i had to sell something to take her . she 's fine now , though . 
you look like a wood elf . 	a really gay wood elf . not like there 's anything wrong with that . or odd for that matter . it do n't even make it true ! 
i actually really enjoy luigi as well . when i get comfortable i was considering him as a secondary 	you wo n't regret it . he 's fun and funky as hell , and having a projectile on neutral b feels so good for a marth main . i forget to use it half the time but it 's really nice . 
marth has great matchups across the board , so i 'd say to focus on him . he is viable in almost all situations . if you devote time to a secondary , your marth wo n't be nearly as good . 	i 've been practicing like two hours a day average so i will just focus on marth . i could definitely use some match up knowledge 
orbital stations , for the most part . the surface itself is impossible to live on , of course . 	alright . i 'm on board . 
should i be worried there are bases on gas giants with no solid ground , or should i just accept and shut up ? 	orbital stations , for the most part . the surface itself is impossible to live on , of course . 
because he 's a 5 star uk recruit that stayed in school 4 years ? 	jesus . taking credit for a transfer ? this is why people do n't like uk fans . 
because he 's a 5 star uk recruit that stayed in school 4 years ? 	5 years if you count those 3 . 5 at gonzaga . 
gotcha . i do n't think that was very clear with how you worded it originally . 	it 's pretty apparent . people should read and comprehend before mindlessly down voting 
not even close to the first time . even the article states that 17 , 000 have been found in just that same city since 1996 . 	thanks for reading the article for me ! 
i was thinking it might be due to scratch issues ? metal on the sport body rubbing against it ? 	the part that touches the watch is plastic on both models of chargers . the metal part is just the outer shell . 
16gb is the cheap option , but it 's a little different with the watch . you 're actually paying for higher quality materials , not a spec upgrade . 	what about the macbook air and pro ? 
i could see some people who preordered being upset . but now that the info is out there , i do n't think many people will mind . 	i personally do n't see why many people would care . its a charger . if they feel that strongly about having a metal charger do n't they go for about 20 - 30 bucks in the apple store ? 
on na servers . is that an issue ? 	you cannot spectate players on another server , since its 2 different servers where the data is separated . 
i hope they do n't ban him because i hate all the pop ups on other sites . for getting games on youtube , the dude deserves to put his mark on it some how . 	yeah i hope not either . i really like his streams but doing that is extremely inappropriate . he wo n't necessarily stop streaming but he wo n't be able to say in this sub that it 's up . 
the binding of isaac . you wo n't find a harder game 	it 's not as hard as everybody think . 
i do n't really see pearl taking the title anywhere that needs the crown to get attention . cuz she 's not a singer , or a comedian , or an actor or even a really strong dancer . 	neither are bebe , tyra , or raja .  a queen can be the winner without having those things . 
awesome - but i am wanting the next update  that will suck me back into the game 	yeah , i could n't really care less about skins or music . hell , i have the music turned off . but , that next update will be awesome . 
make sure the usb port is n't full of crap . you might need to dig it out with a plastic toothpick .  if the connector does n't seat fully , it charges poorly or not at all .   	it does n't look dirty , but i 'll give it a try . do you think i could clean it with compressed air , as in a computer duster ? 
since it was a manufacturer issue , it was free regardless of insurance . i had the phone for almost a year . 	awesome , thank you . hopefully mine will go the same way 
it does n't look dirty , but i 'll give it a try . do you think i could clean it with compressed air , as in a computer duster ? 	mine was really crapped up with stuff from my pocket . i do n't think compressed air would do it .  i needed a little pick and a strong light . 
i 'm thinking i have to install all the mods i had before . 	oh ! i thought you meant first time ksp player . 
since this is being done on windows 10 with the same engine final fantasy 15 is using . does this means we will get a pc announcement ? 	i sure hope so . we did get a dx12 forza 5 demo though , and that meant nothing . this is n't microsoft though . 
landon collins . i could see gregory falling to the third in which case we grab him there . 	why do so many people want collins ? we have 2 safeties on the roster and they both are the same type as collins . we need a free safety . i want gregory or kendricks in the 2nd . 
i actually have this and have put my de - potted shadows in it . it works great ! my only gripe is that the bottom is white and i can see all of the colored dust on it . 	i have all my wet n wild shadows and they fir perfectly so i do n't see the white lol i wish it was a different color as well . 
holy shit i thought i was the only one who read the shampoo label for lack of any other reading material . 	i did n't really understand what he meant until i read the comment 
has he pressed the little button on the back of the controller ? 	yes he has reset it multiple times and it still wo n't connect 
stop complaining about something you get for free ! fucking entitled bitches ! 	this is a fun excuse . 
they 're totally reasonable questions . but you 'd have to stop trolling and admit that you 're acting spiteful and entitled if you answered them honestly .   	i would n't care when it was released if i did n't want to listen to it . so , no , it 's not a reasonable question . 
haha sorry man . she 's just a tad too generic for my tastes . goro though ? jax ? mileena ? i love characters like that . the stranger they are the more i love them . 	yeah , the mysterious warrior princess definitely is a oft repeated character archetype in almost every form of entertainment media . i 'm a sucker for it though , so i like it xd 
well , yeah , in europe we tend to sometimes give people what they need , instead of what they want . insane people need medication , not a death sentence . 	you realize that if insanity is found , they are n't executed , by us law ?  so your elitism is misguided . the issue here is whether someone can be found insane without due process . 
do n't move , his vision is based on movement . 	if he hits you with his axe urinate on it to stop the stinging . 
did he rise from the dead ? 	no , she was a kid ; raped and near death when a cop saved her by removing a weight bar from her neck , as dickbag escaped out the back door . 
yeah there is no sort time frame for this type of treatment . but treatment does exist , in the same sense as treatment for a terminal patient . 	oh most certainly . we 're understanding what causes these problems and how to treat them more and more every year . 
and do n't take a photo for fuck s sake they become the photo 	man , dr . who sure got vulgar . 
yeah . it 's about knowing how to separate your work problems from your own problems . 	how the do you hide your horns in the office ? 
i think you a few words . ironically 	i did words . due to irony i 'll leave it be , though . for comedy . 
whatever you do , do n't run . and if you have to run , run downhill . crazy axe wielding serial killers will only chase you downhill if they have babies nearby . 	do n't move , his vision is based on movement . 
you realize that if insanity is found , they are n't executed , by us law ?  so your elitism is misguided . the issue here is whether someone can be found insane without due process . 	so , if there is suspicion of insanity , the judge will order examination ? ok , sorry , was n't aware about that . 
holy shit , according to wikipedia , he was active during the time when he was on that show . 	ive been reading his wikipedia article , how is it that he can have 8 - 130 victims ?   
he links to video and still got it wrong . 	copied the quote from the imdb wiki . did n't faq check .  my bad . 
do n't move , his vision is based on movement . 	do n't axe him questions just run 
23 is a prime example of funny ! 	careful with that number . it 's loaded . 
i 'm not being a dick , but the deep voice question answered by himself in a normal voice would almost have been comical . 	agree if it were fake . in reality , if you were witnessing this in person , it would probably be unnerving . 
meh , if he admitted to be insane he might have received a lighter sentence . 	thats something a sane person would think .  thats some catch that catch - 22 
living life imprisoned and possibly raped daily vs the sweet release of death . give me death 	you can always just commit suicide . 
til getting sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole makes you immortal . 	that 'd be swell . i 'd stay there until future people decide prisons are immoral and let me out . 
meh , if he admitted to be insane he might have received a lighter sentence . 	no insane person thinks that they 're insane 
that wiki page went down strangely . 	yeah i just got a json file of my exact gps coordinates and my ip address . so that 's nice . 
or they were n't watching the news . 	in an era where the entirety of human knowledge can be called up at will , i feel like ignorance is n't really an excuse here . 
just remember , if a crazy guy with an axe attacks you , he is as scared of you as you 're of him . 	whatever you do , do n't run . and if you have to run , run downhill . crazy axe wielding serial killers will only chase you downhill if they have babies nearby . 
with him being a serial killer in mind they are creepy , but there is no way i would have thought he was off in any way if i had n't known that . 	i do n't know . every person in that video seemed pretty insane . christ i forgot how bad 80s tv was . 
i would n't take this guys word for it . 	you can trust a crazy guy , it 's the quiet normal ones you gotta look out for 
i understand the frustration . at that point , i would consider changing topics . or talk to your teacher . they are there to guide you . 	i do n't think it is an option anymore , there is no time left and i am only making final modification to my ias . 
hopefully people ar n't disappointing when it 's released because of this misconception . 	it 's their own fault for being disappointed , for not educating themselves about the game . 
i always listen to your new stuff when it comes out and love it . keep doing what you 're doing man ! 	wow , that means a lot , thanks i appreciate it 
when you put in a panty liner but it did n't stick to your underwear properly and ends up rolling back and sticking to your pubes instead . and then it tears a little every time you move . ow . 	this is why i do n't have pubes .  and also because i find pubes gross . 
i wash mine in the shower ! way easier , and keeps them way cleaner . 	oh wow . i 'm trying this . i hate taking the time to hand wash them when i 'm doing the rest of my laundry . i 'm already in the shower . awesome . 
just use a white one and color it with a sharpie . 	or she could buy a box of black panty liners ? 
right ?  he is n't even agreeing with himself , if you read his posts in this thread . 	i already lined up the examples in another reply . no word . 
i hoped one day my dog would come around and become a comfort during my crying spells , but she usually just looks disgusted and walks into the other room . 	oh no ! sometimes my cats care . sometimes , they do n't . who am i kidding . they never care , they just want me to follow them to their food bowl . 
how is life down there ? : p 	at least it is easier for me to hide during hide and seek ! 
similar . multiply x three days . you 've got cramps !  they suck . 	mine are like 4 hours of lying in bed in the fetal position in pain .  i hope yours are not as harsh if they last for 3 days . 
holy shit yes , guys as a rule are super un empathetic about dating , it 's annoying as hell . 	well , i think it goes both ways . women and men are both pretty un empathetic when it comes to the dating experience of the other side . 
probably , which is why vehicles come with built - in safety features . unfortunately , women do n't have built - in safety features , which is why we take measures to protect ourselves . 	those safety features do n't move the risk out of that same spot . driving is still a very dangerous thing we do regularly . 
men will never understand the way pms affects your mood . it 's just something hard to deal with and frustrating . 	i 'm a woman and i 'll never understand this .  i 've never had pms . 
wait , what ? this is a thing i can do ? do you just like , rinse it in there or use soap ? please change my life with this knowledge . 	i use soap ! i just keep the stuff for hand washing in my shower . 
soap . i keep the bottle in the shower .   	like laundry detergent ? i 'd worry about it not rinsing completely and leaving a film . 
men will never understand the way pms affects your mood . it 's just something hard to deal with and frustrating . 	i 've never got this - i must have really mild periods or something because i do n't think i have ever knowingly experienced period mood shifts in my life . 
do you only wear your bras once per wash or something like that ? 	i used to , but now i just wear them until they start to smell awful . it 's nice to have clean ones though . 
my mom 's big on feminism , she 's taught me and my brother well . 	inversely , if you are n't actively harassing , assaulting , or intimidating the woman in question , why are you altering your public behavior ? 
i wash mine in the shower ! way easier , and keeps them way cleaner . 	wait , what ? this is a thing i can do ? do you just like , rinse it in there or use soap ? please change my life with this knowledge . 
my mom 's big on feminism , she 's taught me and my brother well . 	if i was taught that , i 'd feel like i 'm something to be feared , simply because i 'm a man . 
my mom 's big on feminism , she 's taught me and my brother well . 	i know that in the scheme of things you 're being considerate , but how sad is it to teach a boy to avoid people because he 's scary . 
would probably go for quite a bit of money to a collector . i 've never seen it either . 	i 'd never be able to part with it , it 's a shame i do n't have two as otherwise i could frame it so it shows front and back . 
i suppose that 's true . have you started planning out your summer yet ? 	just some . i plan to go a few places around the state and visiting my boyfriends family . then the rest is mostly filled with work . its bittersweet . 
i know the feeling . i started off in education and switched to engineering . what is making you change your mind ? 	i love writing and english but everyone makes me feel like i cant get a job . and im always worried about financial stability . 
this will destroy you ought to be added to this list , my post - rock friend . 	saw them in march . fucking loud 
this ! is a fight ! we are fighting ! 	maybe we all need some space to pull the knife out of the back of the most celebrated canadian alt - rock band of the mid 90s you selfish jaded ass . 
who gives a fuck about the songs that were allowed on the radio ? no one listened to a band like butthole surfers because of the corporate radio approved songs . 	that 's exactly my fucking point . 
that 's a name i have not heard in a long time . 	look , a star wars in til ! 
that 's monster magnet 	i know i was going for another band they probably wo n't know 
again you prove my point and call me a moron while doing it .  thanks for your idiotic input . 	so , no actual rebuttal , as i expected . lemme ask you a different question . who ties your shoes in the morning and pins the mittens to your jacket ? 
my corolla has a similar problem , which i resolved with a nano vault 	i basically use the same thing . i secure it to my car with a steel braided security cable . it 's not perfect , but it 's good in a pinch . 
using that logic , he stole the back seat of the police cruiser as well . 	he stole a jail cell and possibly a free meal . 
ugh then i 'll probably upgrade next year when you can get one at a decent price 	well what do you mean by decent ? if you 're expecting anything close to thus , i think it 's going to be a couple years . 
anything is fine really , what ever is easiest for you . my brother is n't super competitive , so he does n't really care about the ball it 's in . 	i got a luxury ball sturdy onix , want any egg moves on it ? 
gear threads should be daily imo . 	seconded . it feels awkward posting multiple times in the same thread asking different questions . 
seconded . it feels awkward posting multiple times in the same thread asking different questions . 	not to mention if you do n't post day 1 you probably wont get seen . 
this . if you drink , do n't sink your dink in the pink . or in this case drugs , but i ca n't rhyme that . 	i love that ! it 's a shame i do n't drink so i ca n't use it , i really do n't like alcohol . 
but i though boxing was dead . 	if boxing is dead i do n't wanna be alive ! 
i 'd be worried for kirkland after that . he 's the kind of guy who could go off the rails . 	i am serious about this too . i 'd love to know how he is doing and if there was any bad test results . 
we needed this news so badly , my worries about konami not caring about their pr are slightly put to rest . every single one of these reviews are glowing , almost nuclear . 	why would you worry about how good konami looks in the public eye ? 
i 'm not being a dick , but did anybody really think we would n't have mother base almost immediately ? seems like a pretty big portion of the game to unlock late . 	well we may have had some camp that ocelot had although i 'm not disputing at all , its just that i did n't really want it to be confirmed 
we needed this news so badly , my worries about konami not caring about their pr are slightly put to rest . every single one of these reviews are glowing , almost nuclear . 	i get the feeling that they 're trying to make up for what 's happen by bringing out good news , or just trying to make us look past it for now through hype . 
have fun with a 16 second quarter if your lucky . 	do your hw . stock chassis civics are in the 8s nowadays . but you probably already knew that . 
my cat 's breath smells like cat food 	my butt itches . 
none of my cases have ever gone unsolved . 	what about the mystery of the red dot ? 
nope . dc car dealerships are absolutely full of egotistical assholes . 	says the guy who had to mention that he makes enough in a month to buy a new car despite it being relevant . 
nearly every guy i 've ever met who 's been in the military . 	can confirm i 'm in the army . everyone is an asshole . 
i think the problem is that chef is a managing position , but cooks get promoted to it based on their cooking skills not management skills . a great cook does n't mean a good manager . 	could n't agree more , this is very true . one of my first bosses was a great cook . but he was introverted and absolutely nuts ! that 's why his restaurant was always struggling . 
does n't matter . it was an ecm rush . 	you sure hate the tasteful club , do n't you vlad ? 
i 'm going to say any role in management . you give an asshole power and they will rule that place with an iron fist and cast out anyone who disagrees . it 's practically made for assholes . 	i 've had cool managers . sometimes you may need to out your foot down if someone you manage is n't doing what they are suppose to . 
well that 's mainly because retail workers get really fuckin bitter about that shit . 	i worked retail for a year and have worked in coffee shops for the past five . can confirm : i am bitter and miserable . 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	yes but i heard it 's quite risky and requires a lot of manual labor 
i am still of the firm belief that nukes are their own species and therefore not real people . 	might be a bit mutated . 
agreed . meanwhile you could watch the cooking staff stuff their faces throughout their shift . 	i call bullshit . everyone knows if a cook dare cook for themselves tickets will begin raining in . 
if you 're a girl we can put you in front of a webcam .  if you 're a guy , go risk your life . 	what do they pay for crab fishing on cam ? 
a lot of enlisted take pride in not being an officer . you really have no idea what you 're talking about . 	of course they do . and a bunch of workers take pride in not being managers . its a lie they tell themselves to make up for being at the bottom of the totem pole 
if you 're a girl we can put you in front of a webcam .  if you 're a guy , go risk your life . 	you do know you can work a webcam as a guy , right ? 
i work in an investment bank , all the directors are nice . it 's the guys in the middle that are assholes on a power trip edit : a to an 	also work at a bank , complete reverse of what this guy said is true for us 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	that 's basically starting pay . 
are you guys allowed to conceal carry ? 	allowed ? no , do a lot of guys ? yes . there is no enforcement on conceal carry , and even some company reps have recommended bringing one when their companies do n't permit it . 
i see . being in the trades you will never be wealthy , but you will live comfortably . 	yeah , i can see that around here , though , i hate the life now , i was bought up in it and expected of it , so naturally i avoid it , though , i do some as hobby . 
well that 's mainly because retail workers get really fuckin bitter about that shit . 	yeah , it 's more you do n't start out an asshole , you slowly become one . i 've worked in retail twice . i became an asshole about it both times pretty quick . 
i am around alot of them too . most them do it for awhile and make a small fortune and then end up losing it all some stupid way or they get hurt and ca n't hold any job . 	as a halfway smart person it does seem tempting to make a small fortune and then bugger off before i lose it . 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	you can make that much or more commercial fishing . much less dangerous if you get on a good boat with a good crew 
if you have n't ever had a gay experience you 've never been on a combat deployment 	ai n't gay with boot bands on 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	with oil prices essentially cut in half over the last year there are a great deal less of those jobs than there were only twelve months ago . 
attorney here .  the answer is attorney . 	do you want to go toe to toe on bird law ? 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	in alberta you can make 250k a year working rigs , the living allowance with overtime and bonuses add up fast . 
politics . 	i tend to say sales and even though i agree with you , i stick with sales .  politicians mostly are just sales people trying to sell you crap you do n't want as crap you need . 
i hate it when people say small talk is pointless . small talk has a point . casual conversation lets you pick up on a person 's mannerisms and disposition . 	wait , that 's what you 're supposed to get out of it ? i usually looked at it as chewing the air for no good reason . 
cop here . scrolled to find this . 	that 's an asshole move . 
yeah , fuck that guy . and fuck you too while i 'm at it .   - third attorney 	fuck all three of you .   - law student 
the navy is like a body . the marines are the penis . 	always getting the rest of the body into trouble and making a mess ?  that 's not the best simile . 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	they work 12 - 16 hours shifts . have a go if you wish . 
surprised nobody said engineers .  they literally all think they are smarter and better than you .   	sort by best : ctrl - f : engineer , 4 hits , all off topic sort by controversial : ctrl - f : engineer , 12 hits , just like this one . 
i work in an investment bank , all the directors are nice . it 's the guys in the middle that are assholes on a power trip edit : a to an 	it 's easy to be nice when your job is to delegate tasks , and you 're insulated from any sort of daily grind or rigor . 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	i dunno what he 's talking about . if you are n't clearing 10 take home a month in northern alberta you 're doing something wrong . 
any thing having to do with a home owners association . 	asshole might be too kind , it implies some level of humanity . 
genuine , dumb question here . what would be a student product ? a loan ? 	checking accounts and , to a lesser extent , low limit credit cards . 
i work in an investment bank , all the directors are nice . it 's the guys in the middle that are assholes on a power trip edit : a to an 	you just have n't seen the guys on top get angry yet . usually they do n't have to because the middle guys do their shit work for them . 
well i mean you do if you become an officer and get promoted to lt , but that is like the 1st or second promotion depending on the branch 	lt is the first rank for everyone but the navy , and they 're weirdos . 
what is that , 70k a year from just highschool ? 	yeah but it 's also a 70 hour a week job 
you 're right , it probably does n't matter who you 're an asshole towards . 	i 've only met 3 people in the car sales business who were n't assholes . you did n't change that . 
with small penis comes great desire to control meaningless internet discussions . 	this and only this is the reason for hate in the world . you either aint got enough or your not getting any . its all penis envy baby . 
pornography . 	porn site owner here . i can confirm . i am a total asshole .  also ask me anything and i might reply honestly 
are you paid more then ? 	carrier nuke et here , working out the math we get paid less than people who work on the flight deck of an aircraft carrier and we have 1000x the responsibility and shittier hours . 
i searched this whole thread looking for workers from the oil sands , largest congregation of assholes in canada by far . 	is everyone named scott ? 
christ , man . that 's mean as fuck . 	maybe if i said it to a person . it 's just a club promoter , though . 
you wanna get paid to get fat and just eat unhealthy stuff all day ? 	hey , i told you i was into weird stuff . i 've actually considered doing that , the only thing is i know it would probably kill me if i got too far into it . 
attorney here .  the answer is attorney . 	i feel like american psycho should 've been a lawyer honestly 
quite possibly . it is the fact licenses can be withdrawn that makes the system better than what was there . 	i completely agree , although that provides some level of accountability i just wish there was more . 
law clerk , here . i 'm pretty sure if i help out all 6 up there we can bill this as 12 hours , possibly more . please hire me . 	better call saul ! 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	it 's not worth it . my brother is only 29 and has carpal tunnel and a slipped disc because of it . now he 's on light duty and only makes about half that . 
yeah , fuck that guy . and fuck you too while i 'm at it .   - third attorney 	is n't there a bus you guys are supposed to be getting on ? 
i just finished a class last semester where the professor had full lessons about how to make small talk . it 's truly horrifying . 	that explains why the small talk from it people sounds like a robot that is learning about small talk . 
fucking cops i 've met more dick head cops than i have met nice ones 	the nice cops are the ones you do n't meet because they do n't pull you over 
i do n't get what 's wrong with used car salesmen . used cars are a much better investment than new cars . 	it 's not the product that is the issue , it 's the process being referenced as sub par . 
journalists like to pretend they know everything . in reality , their knowledge is limited to the tip of each iceberg . 	every time i read a story related to something i have some expertise in , there are at least a couple of significant errors . makes me wonder how accurate the other ones are . 
yup . so you can pay overpriced alcohol , have a shitty experience , leave , and then pretend you got laid . 	thank god the bores like you do n't bother going then or it might actually be a shit time 
that 's absolutely true , there are so many channels like that they all blend into one , yet they 're all so popular . 	hint : it 's the accent . you can be a total fucking creep as long as you have an accent . look at that sam pepper fucker . 
my cat 's breath smells like cat food 	my cat 's kitty litter tastes like shit 
sales guy here , can confirm i am not an asshole . 	agreed , also in sales , constantly try my best not to be a dick . 
i 've never met a sales person in my life i could n't say no to and walk out of the room . 	you are n't their target market 
doctors .  yes , they are good people , generally , but that does n't make them not assholes .  the god complex is real . 	the difference between doctors and god is that god does n't think he is a doctor .  surgeons are just really , really , highly trained mechanics anyways .   
that 's something an asshole would say . dont try to sell us your bs .  sales guy here . 	sir , i can tell you for a fact that our bs is higher rated and more applicable than any competitors bs .  also in sales . 
boomers is slang for psychedelic mushrooms . i completely misinterpreted your post . 	til . i 've never heard that term . 
bro i 've sent girls packing that i knew was easy sex , but it was so much better jerking off a happy man then banging a bitch i hated .  good man . 	this guy gets it ! 
the 2 liberty ports i got were thailand and hong kong and we had to drop anchor in the bay with no shore power , so i didnt get much time off because i had to make electricity . 	damn ! did they have you turning a crank ? i thought those things made power by themselves . 
if they have a good position and if it 's all they know , why do n't they stay ? 	i think depending on rank you can age - out . 
not all bankers are assholes you ignorant low life loser . step out of the way or my lambo will make you one with the road . 	found an asshole , theory is confirmed 
i 've always wondered who chooses a career in human resources . 	people who get degrees in gender studies and then realize that they want to make enough money to keep from starving to death . 
haha yeah , how the fuck you gonna coordinate safety when you managed to lose your god damned fingers while working ?  i 've seen it . 	best safety inspector i had at the box factory had a hook for a hand . 
government lawyers are a whole different breed . they almost do n't count , for stereotyping purposes . 	their stereotype is incompetent or power hungry , depending on what they do . 
franklin the turtle is a great cartoon , great post mate . 	my cat 's breath smells like cat food 
i like to dissect girls .  did you know i 'm utterly insane ? 	you 're a fucking ugly bitch . i want to stab you to death , and then play around with your blood . 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	most jobs that pay a lot do so for a reason . either they require a lot of skill , a lot of education , or are just plain dangerous . 
it 's called incentive pay . it 's what people work for in the finance industry , and it is very very lucrative . it sounds like you 're not in that boat , so you do n't understand it . 	no , they get a set amount each month . just like everybody else at the company . 
in this case the real assholes are the one with the unpaid debt i would say . 	that is a completely unfair statement . you ca n't possibly call everyone who has some kind of outstanding debt an asshole . 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	a welder can make that in a day , same with heavy duty mechanic . 
with small penis comes great desire to control meaningless internet discussions . 	so if i am a girl would that mean an overly large clit ? 
franklin the turtle is a great cartoon , great post mate . 	comin to your house , comin to my house . hey . it 's franklin . the uninvited stalker tortoise . 
get into a trade . 1400 is not a large sum of money to be doing oil patch work . 	i was earning that much a month , so , anything is better than that . c 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	is everyone on reddit poor as fuck ? when did 1400 a week become a lot of money . 
lawyers - just a bunch of people who think they are never wrong and think they are better than everyone else . 	well , shit , i knew i should have been a lawyer . i already think i 'm never wrong and i 'm positive that i 'm better than everyone else . 
pornography . 	especially gay porn . 
hes 16 so just a kid give him a break man . most mods on most subs are underage if you check their post history . 	haha , i can handle it , it 's okay . i love how i had a discussion with a user and he started calling me names etc , and when i mentioned i was 16 he felt ashamed lol 
and if you pay to see her expression with company funds , her head would explode from reading that expense report . 	can confirm : worked in finance . 
which really is n't very impressive considering the hours they work and the fact that many live in cities that have higher costs of living . 	nah , it 's still impressive to get paid 130k straight out of college . 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	only if it 's early days of a boom . in the beginning , any asshole can get hired , laid great wages , and live i company housing . towards the end it 's shittier 
the real way to win in it is to get to the point where you no longer have to deal with end users .   	a lot of my clients arent into monthly contracts , so not having to deal with end users makes me no money unfortunately . but on contracts ? definitely ! 
you have to pay to enter a nightclub ? 	yup . so you can pay overpriced alcohol , have a shitty experience , leave , and then pretend you got laid . 
or in the bitter cold of north dakota or alberta . 	i 'd prefer the cold over the heat . at least in the cold i can bundle up . in the heat there is n't much i can do . 
you might be able to do half of that stuff by filling out a form . if that 's the case , that could explain the attitude . 	argument starts after the form . 
yeah , fuck that guy . and fuck you too while i 'm at it .   - third attorney 	ya fuck all of you - please hire me  - law student 
forum based website moderators . 	the people who want to be a mod are the kind of people that will abuse power . 
yup . so you can pay overpriced alcohol , have a shitty experience , leave , and then pretend you got laid . 	some people actually have fun at night clubs , me being one of them 
itt ; we are surrounded by assholes ! 	keep firing , asshole ! 
no normal person is going to start a vlog . 	i 'm pretty into makeup and such , and a lot of the beauty bloggers started blogs just because their viewers begged them to . 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	1400 a week is n't worth being labeled an ass hole . 
but that 's sort of the point . doctors are n't special . they just tend to act like they are . 	someone 's who has worked their ass off through medical school is no doubt special . being a doctor is no easy thing . they do n't act like it . they are . 
doctors .  yes , they are good people , generally , but that does n't make them not assholes .  the god complex is real . 	they 're also under immense pressure and often overworked . 
debt collectors . if you 're a nice person working as a debt collector you 're in the wrong job . 	in this case the real assholes are the one with the unpaid debt i would say . 
fuck that , i 'm calling the cops or we fightin . 	that 's why you do n't work in the restaurant industry or you 're a hack who works for nobodies . 
if you did n't meet assholes , you must not have been on the higher floors . 	i did meet assholes , as i said above . i did work with a good team though . 
it 's kinda there job to be an arsehole , if they were super nice and friendly they are n't the type of people to be intrusive and ask the right questions , as their job requires . 	perfect job for an asshole then , lol . 
holy shit 15 . 50 starting pay ? only a 7 hour commute , i 'll be right over . 	lol i made that cutting meat . easy job to 
i 've never seen it in this perspective before . fuck . 	do n't worry , gay men like cam shows too . 
but if they knew how to operate their computers and applications , we 'd be out of a job ! 	oh no , not at all . we 'd be out of a job if programmers started making software that 'd fix it 's own failures and managed itself . 
fuck this guy .   - another attorney 	fuck both these guys  - lawyer 
these days , in us doctors just do n't just have the option to half ass because they 'll get sued for millions 	true . it 's a good deterrent , but that does n't stop some doctors from doing careless things and then getting sued . 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	not worth the money . i promise . 
yeah , fuck that guy . and fuck you too while i 'm at it .   - third attorney 	screw you guys . i 'm sweet as pie .   - juvenile law attorney 
why do you say that ? i worked in the industry . most people were pretty damn cool tbh 	because butt stuff .   
i work in an investment bank , all the directors are nice . it 's the guys in the middle that are assholes on a power trip edit : a to an 	i am doing ms finance . can you give me a job when i graduate ? 
private security , those guys have a power need , and know that they do n't really have any power , so they try to force it on you . 	are n't most ex - military ? 
they 're talking about webcam - ing , though . where ideally the person never actually sees them in person . 	i take it you 'e never heard of social engineering . 
a 40 year old study done on college students shows this ? 	yep . to summarize a broader truth . power corrupts . 
they 'd still have shitty attitudes and blame everyone else for their problems .  but we can send them to the bottom of the sea if you want , your call . 	you 're living up to your username rather nicely . 
i work in an investment bank , all the directors are nice . it 's the guys in the middle that are assholes on a power trip edit : a to an 	i work at one too . my md is a giant teddy bear . he 's just strict enough to get the job done but he 's super nice otherwise . i love working for the guy . 
calm down billy . 	right ? brandon needs to chill . hear that josh ? relax it 's not the end of the world . 
by the way , how much do the rest of us owe you guys for this meeting ? 	i ca n't speak for my colleagues but my shitposting is done pro - bono . 
i think the problem is that chef is a managing position , but cooks get promoted to it based on their cooking skills not management skills . a great cook does n't mean a good manager . 	some folks are just not designed to manage , let alone manage a fast paced , ultra hot , chaotic environment with sharp instruments .   
it and law . it guys and lawyers are two ends of the same spectrum . 	as a it guy that works for lawyers i can confirm half of this . 
well there were guns because this one guy 's sole job is to shoot wolves . 	that 's another difference then - we 're not allowed to harm or even feed animals . there is a guy with dogs who will chase bears away and that 's it . 
the group i was in there had more vps than non - vps . 	lot of people get stuck at vp , not good enough to promote but not shitty enough to can 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	it 's a pretty tiring and dangerous job 
why do they drop the oxygen level ? 	its not exactly intentional . ist just the way things work . making clean air isnt easy . 
if you 're a girl we can put you in front of a webcam .  if you 're a guy , go risk your life . 	you can do the same as a guy . just do it marketed to men . 
what i learned is that 's their coping mechanism for ending up in the shittiest possible military job . 	the rest of us cut them a lot of slack for it .  he 's a prick ? well , i mean , i probably would be too if i had to put up with their weekly routine . 
cops . if you are n't an asshole when you join , you 'll be socialized into one in no time . 	as an ex - cop , some of us may come in second but we ca n't compete with lawyers . 
police force . 	as a military guy that now works in sales , i was really hoping to see this one above either of mine 
have fun selling cars . 	i 'm also not a car salesman so swing and a miss there too buddy . 
franklin the turtle is a great cartoon , great post mate . 	franklin the turtle was the only one with a human name . everyone else 's name is the animal they are . 
my cat 's breath smells like cat food 	sleep , that 's where i 'm a pirate ! 
forum based website moderators . 	why , i dont know anything about this thing you speak of . 
welcome to the oil patch of canada , where rigging is seen as a doctorate to some . 	hey man i think i 'm pretty good at my job and yes i graduated high school 
bouncers complaint about drunk ppl . it 's kind of in the job description ya know 	it 's somebody 's job to pick up shit too but i 'm pretty sure the majority of them do n't like turds 
being cocky literally makes you an asshole . thanks for playing though . 	have fun selling cars . 
hr , if you think hr is there to help you you 're going to have a bad time . 	hr is there to make sure the company does n't get sued while you get fucked in the ass . 
forum based website moderators . 	i got banned from srs yesterday for saying an event really did happen . mods over there are worst than assholes to anyone who does tow the party line . 
you do n't even need high school . 70k is average for starting . most consultants i know were making 1200 - 1500 a day . but that 's like ten years into it . 	that would be what they bill the client , not what they actually take home i 'm pretty sure . 
the guy from john and kate plus 8 . 	i really feel bad for that guy . his wife sacrificed him for fame and fortune and all he does is struggle trying to find a decent job to be a decent dad . 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	eh , my corp gig pays me more a week and i 'm not covered in shit . 
attorney here .  the answer is attorney . 	not all of 'em !  my lawyer helped me sue this insurance company that was fucking with me , love that guy ! 
not necessarily if you 're willing to get into fetish stuff . 	yep , just like any other entertainment gig , if your not as pretty , you have to work harder . 
even bad cops wo n't just suddenly shoot you or beat you for doing nothing . if you do n't think that , you 're a fear mongering idiot . 	yeah no shit . that 's why i do n't talk to them . i do n't need to accidentally give them a reason to fuck me . 
i never let someones resistance stop me from getting what i want . 	i 've never met a sales person in my life i could n't say no to and walk out of the room . 
being in it is like being a customer service clerk at any old retail store . most of your customers try to treat you like shit and act like they 're doing you some kind of favor . 	tech support here , it 's like being both of those things at once , double the fun ! 
as a vet student , i 'm just curious if you do it for vets also ? 	i 'm sure we can , we just do n't have any vet offices that we service currently . we work with any kind of medical office that does n't have their own in house it . 
what i learned is that 's their coping mechanism for ending up in the shittiest possible military job . 	yep , that 's exactly what it is .  source : infantry marine 
that 's another difference then - we 're not allowed to harm or even feed animals . there is a guy with dogs who will chase bears away and that 's it . 	wow that movie would suck without the professional wolf hunter . 
debt collectors . if you 're a nice person working as a debt collector you 're in the wrong job . 	the only job my mum said she would be dissapointed if i worked as .   
yep , that 's exactly what it is .  source : infantry marine 	can second that .  source : army infantry .   
attorney here .  the answer is attorney . 	i just got home from doing bar prep and clicked this thread expecting attorney to be the top response . i 'm disappointed i had to scroll this far find the right answer . 
you 're a fucking ugly bitch . i want to stab you to death , and then play around with your blood . 	if you do n't shut your fucking mouth , i will kill you . 
attorney here .  the answer is attorney . 	confirmed . this is the correct answer .  source : am attorney . 
if you 're a girl we can put you in front of a webcam .  if you 're a guy , go risk your life . 	i 've never seen it in this perspective before . fuck . 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	if you like money more than literally everything else in life , it 's the place for you ! 
or anyone other in a uniform . the safety officer at my highschool was a massive prick . 	security guards are either the nicest people you 'll ever meet or wannabe cops that think they have enough power to trip on . 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	get into a trade . 1400 is not a large sum of money to be doing oil patch work . 
ah , so a fast attack is like a normal submarine and a boomer is the specific one that launches nuclear missiles ? 	better stop there . going further just hurts in the end .  update : fuck , wrong comment 
you mean you do n't find guys named dragon trustworthy and classy ? 	i go to school with a guy named dragon . smart dude , pretty cool , a little too competitive and bossy sometimes . 
if you 're a girl we can put you in front of a webcam .  if you 're a guy , go risk your life . 	i worked as a webcam girl . a lot less money than it 's worth . and of course the men running the websites profit a lot more . 
it 's all the associates and vps that never left or could n't leave for better exit ops who seem to take it out on analysts 	i 've heard post mba associates are bad about this because they know the analyst is going to go make a shit ton in pe and they just ca n't 
not true . my brother works in canary wharf as an equity research analyst and received a decent bonus after only a few months being there . 	that is n't investment banking . 
nearly every guy i 've ever met who 's been in the military . 	my welding teacher was a veteran , and he thought that it gave him a free pass to be an asshole . 
carpet installers . i have been in construction most of my life and have often wondered if they start off as bitchy assholes or the chemicals from new carpet misses with hormones or what . 	they are usually the last ones on the job site . they are the ones that have to hide the crap construction practices of the other trades ! it would make me cranky too !   
check his post history .  it 's a troll .  this one just happened to gain traction because it got a few initial upvotes and the crowd followed . 	this is why more subreddits need to hide vote numbers . 
hr is there to make sure the company does n't get sued while you get fucked in the ass . 	the first thing i was told when studying hr at uni was they 're basically there to protect the company , not the workers . 
randy , i can make a cheeseburger better than store bought ! 	a shit burger . 
agreed . meanwhile you could watch the cooking staff stuff their faces throughout their shift . 	this is bullshit , if servers are hungry they need to order before the shift . having to taste for seasoning is not stuffing my face , 
man , that is the best fucking slang ever . i wish american slang was even close to as cool . 	there is awesome slang in every language . 
nearly every guy i 've ever met who 's been in the military . 	i do n't think this was nearly so prevalent when there was a draft . 
doctors .  yes , they are good people , generally , but that does n't make them not assholes .  the god complex is real . 	shut up ! you would n't even be here , alive and well , without me .   - a doctor 
marco pierre white made ramsay cry . 	you shut your damn mouth . 
well that 's mainly because retail workers get really fuckin bitter about that shit . 	i 'm going to go out on a limb and say you work in retail . 
this is an entry level position that requires no experience and is on par with our industry and geography , but yes at that wage you 'll need a roommate at least . 	or if you 're 16 years old and want to buy a half pound of weed over the summer . 
you know a lot of nights out they probably fell in between but that just made them unnoticeable . it 's not always the extremes . 	yeah i should have said that of the ones i 've talked to they 're on either extreme but there 's plenty who i never interact with . 
attorney here .  the answer is attorney . 	work at law firm . can confirm . 
nearly every guy i 've ever met who 's been in the military . 	i think the one 's who bring up military all day are the assholes . there 's a lot of military people i know who did their 4 years , went to school and moved on . 
how can i get into the oil scene ? 	go back in time to before the price of crude oil dropped so low that they started laying people off like crazy ? lol 
i read that in michael cera 's voice . 	nice try , mr . bale . 
any thing having to do with a home owners association . 	seriously , these things should n't even fucking exist . 
hence the cockney rhyming slang for wanker is merchant banker . 	man , that is the best fucking slang ever . i wish american slang was even close to as cool . 
what i learned is that 's their coping mechanism for ending up in the shittiest possible military job . 	brother in law marine just got deployed to japan for 6 months . he is in infantry . i am sad now . 
you really need to work on punctuation . 	i know but i 'm to lazy 
what i learned is that 's their coping mechanism for ending up in the shittiest possible military job . 	when it comes to a trained army of killers , is n't that more or less the mentality you want on your side ? 
calm down billy . 	yea ! relax , guillermo ! 
i hate it when people say small talk is pointless . small talk has a point . casual conversation lets you pick up on a person 's mannerisms and disposition . 	it also helps set a friendlier , more casual tone to a business transaction . i make small talk with our wholesale customers all the time . 
wrong , it attracts tight asses and turns them into giant assholes . like bankers , i guess 	witty humor on the front page to a fairly high comment ?  just a matter of time before somebody gives you gold for that . 
i 'm surprised i had to do that much scrolling to find cops in this thread especially considering reddit 's general opinion of them . 	i 'm english and i think the majority of our police force are good people just trying to do their best in a shit situation . 
check his post history .  it 's a troll .  this one just happened to gain traction because it got a few initial upvotes and the crowd followed . 	i just looked at it . i 'm guessing he is a 13 year old in his randomness phase . 
yeah , fuck that guy . and fuck you too while i 'm at it .   - third attorney 	you pricks are all making me look bad .   - lawyer . 
ask them what it 's like to sail a boat . 	oh ,  i can see the look on the face already .  this is so good i nearly came . thank you . 
that seems like an overreaction , to be honest . 	trust me , you have no idea . 
fucking cops . 	cop here . scrolled to find this . 
i work in an investment bank , all the directors are nice . it 's the guys in the middle that are assholes on a power trip edit : a to an 	in every single profession , middle management is full of assholes . they get all of the responsibility and none of the real power . what little power they have is taken and abused to no end . 
you kind of need a healthy dose of arrogance to believe that anyone would be interested in watching you talk about your day to day life for several minutes daily . 	i call it narcissism but arrogance works too . 
nice , i 'm inbound sales so i just sit back and wait for people to call me . 	i 'm mostly inbound , shit comes in the queue , i reach out to talk to them about their needs after they inquire about the product . see if we 're a good fit . 
if you 're a girl we can put you in front of a webcam .  if you 're a guy , go risk your life . 	sell your soul for a dime , just want a little bit of your time . the devils in the details . 
forum based website moderators . 	at first , when i became a mod it was a rush . now , i just check to make sure people are using imgur when posting links and other such stuff . 
yeah , fuck that guy . and fuck you too while i 'm at it .   - third attorney 	fuck everyone involved in this .   - pre - law student 
i work in an investment bank , all the directors are nice . it 's the guys in the middle that are assholes on a power trip edit : a to an 	if you do n't mind me asking , what bank ? im trying to get into investment banking and i just wanted to ask a few questions if you would n't mind 
those actually my favorite people to work for . they can be assholes and they demand near perfection out of you , but they reward you for putting in the work . 	mine too , you always know where you stand with them . 
sales .  source : tech support 	and billing .  i just got a tech support job and absolutely hate contacting sales , billing , and our dispatch department . i 'll take a furious , clueless customer over contacting them anyday . 
i might like to take that class . i have no idea how to make small talk . 	why would you think that ? it 's fairly easy to make small talk 
i work in an investment bank , all the directors are nice . it 's the guys in the middle that are assholes on a power trip edit : a to an 	i work in commercial financing , most of the higher ups are nice because they do n't have to do the middle 's work . 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	keep in mind that you work 18 - 20 hour days for two weeks in a row . the hours are long , the work is hard , but the pay is good . also nobody is hiring right now due to low oil prices 
what is that , 70k a year from just highschool ? 	the trade off is destroying your body . it 's not worth it . 
15 . 50 is actually really bad for alberta - things are so expensive that you will barely have anything left over after rent and bills . 	this is an entry level position that requires no experience and is on par with our industry and geography , but yes at that wage you 'll need a roommate at least . 
agreed . meanwhile you could watch the cooking staff stuff their faces throughout their shift . 	take some of the front of house booze to the back and i 'm sure they 'd make you anything you wanted . 
forum based website moderators . 	i used to mod a really big wrestling forum . it was fun for a bit but the site just had too many toxic personalities . 
hr , if you think hr is there to help you you 're going to have a bad time . 	getting on the good side of at least one or two hr reps is a solid investment at any job you work . 
yeah , i 'm in software sales and make an hourly and commission . so i do n't think i 'm a pushy asshole cause i can still buy food if i do n't hit my numbers . 	same here , i make a base salary and then commission . i sell it hardware to people who are looking for it . i do n't call through a phone book . 
i just finished a class last semester where the professor had full lessons about how to make small talk . it 's truly horrifying . 	i work in it . fuck the small talk . you have a problem ? ok let me resolve it and disappear like a ghost . i rather be back on my computer browsing reddit . 
sales guy here , can confirm i am not an asshole . 	me too bro ! i 'm pretty cool ! 
my current irony is : so many possibilities to take time off , no money to do anything with it ! 	become an engineer at a large company outside of tech . you 'll get crazy hours sometimes , but also several weeks of vacation a year . plus you 'll have money when you have time off . 
police force . 	you get a gun , authority , and a huge shield that protects you even when you unload an uzi into the back of an unarmed fleeing suspect who actually commited no crime . 
now he 's a trucker , he 's a liar too . truckers tell the tallest tales .  sauce : i 'm a trucker . 	he as told me some stories that i have a hard time believing . i guess when you 're staring at a road for 12 hours a day , you make up tales to pass the time . 
doctors .  yes , they are good people , generally , but that does n't make them not assholes .  the god complex is real . 	this dentist banged my now ex - gf of 4 years while i was dating her . he 's 32 years older than her . 
same here , i make a base salary and then commission . i sell it hardware to people who are looking for it . i do n't call through a phone book . 	nice , i 'm inbound sales so i just sit back and wait for people to call me . 
then what are you complaining about ?  how much do you get paid per hour ? 	wow , wow , you are a piece of work ! you display no empathy but expect other people to , and you complain about everything ! it 's no wonder people do n't tip you , you 're so unlikable ! 
welcome to the oil patch of canada , where rigging is seen as a doctorate to some . 	rig pigs of alberta . they 're loud , they 're obnoxious , and they probably have truck nuts on their raised f150 
forum based website moderators . 	your edit makes the comment a lot less effective . 
i 'm big , and you 're small . i 'm smart , and you 're dumb . 	i 'm the one who knocks , and you 're the one who opens his door and gets shot 
nearly every guy i 've ever met who 's been in the military . 	oh my god yes . i 'm in the dep and most of these kids think that they have a medal of honor and have done 5 tours in iraq personally granting freedom to each poor little iraqi child . 
always have arguments in a kitchen full of knives , hot steel , and boiling liquids . nothing could ever go wrong . 	yeah , cause business owners make a habit of assaulting people in their kitchen . especially with all those sharp , shiny , hot items . kinda might be hard to retain employees . 
i wish i could work at gs , i do n't care i 'd be that asshole 's bitch . 	you may be surprised how non - difficult it is to land a middle or back - office job at a firm like goldman . 
nearly every guy i 've ever met who 's been in the military . 	eh . living on a naval base i 've met plenty of really nice sailors . husband included . though he is a sarcastic asshole , he would n't do anything to actually hurt someone intentionally . 
nearly every guy i 've ever met who 's been in the military . 	dont blame the army , i was a giant asshole before i got in ! 
you mean a poorly planned social experiment conducted over 40 years ago ? bet you hate the russians too .  if you 're going to rage against the police at least bring up more recent horseshit . 	gosh , do i really need to reference the ongoing police brutality argument . who was the most recent , innocent , unarmed citizen to be executed by a police officer ?  you ca n't be that dumb . 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	well oil prices are low and alberta might go into a recession soon , so not too many jobs opening up there now . 
i 've spent less than two years in retail and i now hate the general public . that 's pretty much the opposite of what i thought a couple years ago . 	it 's something about how people do n't see you as another human being that does it to us all . 
i work in an investment bank , all the directors are nice . it 's the guys in the middle that are assholes on a power trip edit : a to an 	it 's all the associates and vps that never left or could n't leave for better exit ops who seem to take it out on analysts 
source to cite what ? the absence for your claims being at all true ? it did n't happen . 	but i 'm not wrong , so my claims are n't false either .  thanks 
but i 'm not wrong , so my claims are n't false either .  thanks 	except that no , police do not refuse to hire people that have iq scores that are too high , in fact the vast majority of police departments do not even iq test potential applicants . 
i 'd rather be a lesbian than a marine . 	i 'd rather be a fish 
club promoter - the job for all those people who had dreams of being a carnival barker but didnt have high enough test scores to join the circus . 	heard that in my head in the voice of holly from red dwarf . 
oh , god , the people who brag about how many hours they work per week are assholes as well . nobody is impressed . 	i feel pity for them . i 'd easily give up 20k a year if it meant being able to bike , kayak , hike , read , or lift on weekdays . 
i 'd rather be a lesbian than a marine . 	if you have n't ever had a gay experience you 've never been on a combat deployment 
i 'm going to say any role in management . you give an asshole power and they will rule that place with an iron fist and cast out anyone who disagrees . it 's practically made for assholes . 	i 've had cool managers . sometimes you may need to out your foot down if someone you manage is n't doing what they are suppose to . 
holy shit 15 . 50 starting pay ? only a 7 hour commute , i 'll be right over . 	15 . 50 is actually really bad for alberta - things are so expensive that you will barely have anything left over after rent and bills . 
is there a place for line cook redditors to let off steam from their jobs ? or just a place on reddit for line cooks ? 	i do n't know , but there should be . just reading these comments has made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside , knowing that there are others like me .  just wanna yell at a customer sometimes . 
funny , i 'm actually into the feeder thing and have considered doing it 	you wanna get paid to get fat and just eat unhealthy stuff all day ? 
you kind of need a healthy dose of arrogance to believe that anyone would be interested in watching you talk about your day to day life for several minutes daily . 	yet people are interesting , and many live off it . 
that much weekly ? dang , i need to become an asshole and work there . 	i know some guys making almost 5k every two weeks with 0 education .   welders helper on the pipelines out in the bush in albert . 
i 'm guessing they did n't accept her lifestyle , in a lgbt kinda way . 	yeah , super gay 
yeah , fuck that guy . and fuck you too while i 'm at it .   - third attorney 	ya fuck all of you - please hire me  - law student 
doctors .  yes , they are good people , generally , but that does n't make them not assholes .  the god complex is real . 	just because you are a doctor does n't mean you are right about everything . 
hey , i told you i was into weird stuff . i 've actually considered doing that , the only thing is i know it would probably kill me if i got too far into it . 	yea it would they pay to watch you jug 2 litre sodas and shit like wtf lol that girl gained like a 100 or something and she is still going . 
attorney here .  the answer is attorney . 	can confirm .  source : am lawyer . 
the question was what jobs attract assholes , not create them . 	valid point . 
as a halfway smart person it does seem tempting to make a small fortune and then bugger off before i lose it . 	the money gets addicting . you get used to not looking at your account to check what you have . you see something you want , you buy it . it 's hard leaving that lifestyle behind . 
i know some guys making almost 5k every two weeks with 0 education .   welders helper on the pipelines out in the bush in albert . 	damn - i mean , the risks are high , but if i did that for a short while , i could fund my entire university costs easy . 
i work in an investment bank , all the directors are nice . it 's the guys in the middle that are assholes on a power trip edit : a to an 	i 'm talking more about investment banking and the involved cut - throat financial industry , not personal banking or local banks . 
security guards are either the nicest people you 'll ever meet or wannabe cops that think they have enough power to trip on . 	when my family was evicted , the guy they sent was just so nice . like , he was kicking us out and everything , but i could n't even be mad at him . 
6 week shifts . 	depends . mine are 9 days . 
any advice for some one who needs a job and is willing to travel ? even if it only lasts a few months , i 'm unemployed now and got no family ties so it 's not like i can be any worse off . 	sure , just get in my van i 'll drive you just where you need to be . 
yeah it does look extremely dusty in his house . he should just wear his whole uniform . just in case 	yea it 's strange to see him wear it in house . i think it 's for show . 
why do military people always wear that scarf ? is that part of the uniform ? 	dust , you can also make a face mask out of it . 
dust , you can also make a face mask out of it . 	yeah it does look extremely dusty in his house . he should just wear his whole uniform . just in case 
my paint is fine overall it just i have a little dirt from riding under my tail and overall on the fairings there are like rain stains . 	ahh . i just use my car wash soap , a good sponge or mitt and a microfiber to dry . 
i use to just go to the car wash and pressure wash my shit .  people told me not to do that but i ai n't about that . i 'm an adult . do what i want . 	if jeff gordon told you to change your oil , would you listen ? 
ride it through an automated car wash .  i recommend wearing rain gear . 	id love to do that , for the lulz , but i think it might be dangerous .  can i bum your bike to try it ? you may youtube it 
socks ?  i wear flip flops . you do n't wear flippy floppies with socks do you ? 	so yeah man how can i wash my bike properly ? 
road in the rain this morning , bike is now super extra dirty . 	the only part that really needs cleaning is the chain . and strangely most people clean that the least . 
yup , the metal will probably settle out and sit on the bottom of the ocean . 	or the fish will filter it out . 
he 's a snake oil salesman , not a fish oil salesman . 	you think dr . oz would sell snake oil with nothing shady added ? 
does n't anyone check for reposts anymore ? 	if i have n't seen it , its new to me !  i thought it was an interesting read even if its a repost  
green gi , flow , and killer bee all make fantastic belts 	i 'm a big fan of green gi . 
green gi , flow , and killer bee all make fantastic belts 	the green gi blue belt is a very light shade of blue . fair warning . 
not true , many dont but some do take credit . those that dont will usually have an atm inside or nearby . 	ok fair enough . some do . but very very few due to fear from the banks . i would still advise op to rely on cash only . 
i like the coat in pics 1 and 3 . 	yeah the first one is really nice and at a uniqlo price , it 's a must cop for me . 
people are saying landorus is too unpredictable .  shit , it learns more than four moves , better ban it . 	that 's why they love talonflame - brave bird is all it really does . 
ask your front office , they probably have an official tornado plan , and can tell you whichever room is best to hide in for your building . 	yeah i was going to ask my building manager but as far as i know , we no longer have one . there 's a really ideal room underneath the stairwell but the door is always locked . 
so he is n't not not dead ? 	correct . he is n't not alive . 
swedish , designed the card on the left , created scrolls video game 	exactly . very nicely done . i was hoping this round would survive past 30 minutes , my last ones were terrible 
so he is n't not not dead ? 	no he is not undead so he is either dead or alive . 
a famous zombie ? 	no , this is a non - undead person . 
funny , i was trying to find famous residents of swedish mining towns ! 	oh man , lol . it was right under your nose . hope this was a fun one for you . 
balls that look like this are used to track motion which can be mapped to a virtual 3d model . 	would n't they be stationary then ? 
gaining weight is absolutely not harder than losing weight . 	gaining fat is easier yes , gaining muscle , no . 
quitting smoking , i do it 10 times a day or more . 	in the same vein , quitting any addiction 
reading this from my office computer while i should be working . . . 	reading this from school while my teacher 's talking about the centre of gravity and how it applies irl 
not at all . i put on weight very quickly if i 'm not careful . stop making excuses and take some responsibility . 	i just assumed you had high metabolism because you claimed to be lazy and still at a good weight . i agree with your general point of fitness is n't hard . 
gaining weight is absolutely not harder than losing weight . 	you 're thinking of just gaining fat . i think the person above you meant healthy weight . 
minor nitpick : darth vader ca n't use force lightning , as his arms are mechanical . in fact , as much of his body is mechanical , he would be very vulnerable to electric or emp attacks . 	if defiant could figure out that vader is mostly mechanical , it would take all of 3 seconds for him to use an emp . 
oh wow , that sounds amazing with the invisible one ! i will have to check that one out . and thank you my fellow tiny top lip friend ! : d 	the silly beauty ones are just as good in my opinion and they will only cost you a couple dollars or less , they are a very underrated product 
oh wow , that sounds amazing with the invisible one ! i will have to check that one out . and thank you my fellow tiny top lip friend ! : d 	i have an invisible one from the body shop . my favourite lip liners are from the nyx uk site . 
does n't matter how long the battle is , it 's all about the quality of characters . some combos will get more than others , but best is through all gold maxed out 	the length of the battle does n't determine the per - fight payout , but it does determine the payout at the end . you get 20 k battle points at the end of an ultimate battle . 
is that a black widow ultimate ? if so , how do you change the color 	its a black widow chroma , you can change the colors with razer synapse 
with the black widow ultimate i can ? 	not with the ultimate . the ultimate has a set color . the chroma is the one with all the color customization options . 
with the black widow ultimate i can ? 	the old version is green only . 
up in ak , things can go bad in a split second and backup can be hours out . i know that all of the guys that i was with , ran every day and was in the gym several times a week . 	that 's how it should be every where . glad you took your job seriously . stay safe , pal . 
i 'm on the sixth floor of a building downtown near the golden nugget . that was insane . the whole building was swaying left to right . 	6th floor downtown as well . pretty crazy . 
and a sugar paper napkin . 	and an entire table made of chocolate . 
i have n't eaten yet and been up for hrs . this looks a lot like breakfast to me . 	yes , the point of them is that they look like eggs with bacon or sausage . 
i now have an overwhelming desire to make these . how do you keep the white chocolate from breaking when you remove it from whatever surface it is on ? 	discover parchment paper . 
i was getting 3 rails a side in my bomber earlier , those teams would be a nice change , lol . 	same , it was hella fun dodging and weaving the rail lasers tho ! 
what did the doctor say ? 	i do n't have the full medical break down yet . she was pissy when i talked to her so i kept it short . i know she was given medicine , but not sure for what exactly . 
has she gone to the doctor about this ? 	yes . she has been in a lot of pain . 
water hardness in ireland varies hugely depending on where you are in the country .  its damned cold here right now , with shocking pollen ! 	just checked . i live in a place where the water is soft . probably the weather 
this screams gin . 	a floral gin , versus a juniper - forward gin , though . 
when the button is gone forever and you realise that you got nothing significant from not pressing , you will never get to experience what it felt like to press 	i wonder what color your flair will be . 
general jackson , the negative ten star general whom only commands a squad 	what was that , soldier ? there seems to be some feedback . over . 
general jackson , the negative ten star general whom only commands a squad 	soldier , is your radio malfunctioning ? over . 
we 've always been an atlantic country , not a european one . 	who is in that group with us ? portugal and iceland ? 
that 's an insanely abridged version of history that requires you to ignore politics , religion , philosophy and immigration all of which we 've been neck deep in with the rest of europe . 	well , if you ignore ditching catholicism in the early 16th century . that , i would say , marked the start of the transition from a european to an atlantic nation . 
i also hear that their open - plan office , while wonderfully trendy , is a bloody nightmare to actually work in because it 's impossible to take a phone call at your own desk . 	we all know at least one person who would still be using speaker at every opportunity .   
paypal has one and will send it to you free . 	oh , that 's awesome ! is there a catch ? nothing is free , lol . although , square card readers connect straight to your credit card , right ? 
grr i just got 2 mini fridges but hit the coils in both . how the hell do you bend the freezer tray ? 	bend after it 's been unplugged for a day or two , and use a round pipe to bend the coolant pipe around so that it does n't kink . what did you hit the coils with , a drill ? 
i just bent it straight down , it 's parallel to the back wall and about an inch from the back right above the back ledge 	could you send me a pic empty ? i 'd like to see your setup . i was thinking about trying for it but did n't want to risk ruining the chilling element or thermostat . 
ah . it 's probably something weird to do with linux then . i 'm running windows so i really could n't say for sure . 	aw , i 'll see what i can do once i get back on my home computer . 
if you like hard core open world sandbox mmo 's you should give it a try . 	i do , but i 'm not willing to pay to access in development games anymore . 
why is the jackass driver never killed ?  well in this case it was because he was driving a tank he had no businesses being anywhere near . 	cars are specifically designed so that the driver is the most protected person . 
there should be legislation put in place that limits the horsepower of a vehicle a newly licensed driver can operate for a period of time until they have enough experience . 	what . just because of one stupid jackass does n't mean all kids his age are jackasses . 
cars are specifically designed so that the driver is the most protected person . 	the driver of another car was killed , did n't do her much good did it . 
this is killing the actual football discussion though . 	it was pretty sad how the europa league final was buried under all the fifa stuff . some beautiful goals too . 
make no mistakes folks , this injury is toothpick related . that 's why bendo keeping quiet about it . 	god i do n't even want to imagine a toothpick going right into my eye . cringing so hard 
how about encouraging a daily walking group ? incorporate the social aspect of being able to talk and make new friends while getting an hour of some daily exercise . 	this is a good idea and so simple i somehow overlooked it . i anticipate the majority of the group will be female and the social aspect will be enticing . 
not sure what your timeframe looks like but spark is a good read about how exercise is beneficial not just physically but also mentally . 	yeah , i was gonna touch on the benefits of exercise on all facets of health , including mental health . 
why not use him , play some games and let us know how it was for you ? hmm . 	because there is a bunch of him on the psn market and i do n't want to be stuck with a card that wo n't sell if i do n't like him there . 
front page with 2 comments , seems legit . 	have you read the article ? it 's some of the most insightful ones that hit the front page in the last few months . 
i wonder how many times the check mark shuffle has to be formally suggested before it 's implemented . i feel it could be 3 - 4 million . 	could be more than 100 , only few posts make it to the main page though , i always fail to see which post will get upvoted . 
yes , there must be a default option for every shuffle slot . plus we should be able to choose which items do we want to include in the shuffle . 	i prefer this option , we save space , it is clear , is automatic , convenient , simple , and we do n't have to worry about another item among the sea of items . 
did n't they also ram in extra drm and put a bunch of holes in the modding community ? 	damn shame about the modding stuff . i hate film grain , and the fact they removed the ability to mod that out means i wo n't be buying dying light . 
is n't chapter 1 limits ? 	that 's calc i . although , i think they are usually the same book , so you 're probably right . 
nice . by the looks of it i 'm gonna guess you 're a two week old th9 ? if so you are doing really well with your base . congrats on level 100 . 	maybe a month . i have not been as active as i used to be . i 'm going to need to change that ! 
3 free builders th 8 defenses lvl 5 barch research lab idle what 's going on man ? 	he 's busy ? 
cuadrado 's playing for chelsea now 	the card will still exist , of course 
did you hear ? soe was sold to an investment company ! they are now independent ! 	lmao , soe did n't make tlou . naughty dog did . and they 're still with sony . 
ask dumb questions get dumb answers . 	my question was perfectly valid . why shield new people from the truth about how badly they 're getting fucked over ? 
it 's fucking reddit lol not only that it 's a dead sub for a shitty , failed game . 	then it should n't be that hard for you to unsubscribe and forget that it exists 
yeah i 've been censoring stuff about outreach for months . 	bitter work but noble service . you have my axe . 
i can read . my point is , who cares ? btw , you call yourself a mod and you responded like that ? pathetic . makes the whole sub look bad . 	it 's fucking reddit lol not only that it 's a dead sub for a shitty , failed game . 
what will you do with your new found free time ? 	i hear hobbies are fun . i personally like to shoot giant robots . he could try that maybe ? 
you really do try to hard . 	i 'm sure it 's not a lot of work for you , i mean how many new players even bother to look for info about this debacle . you must be pming at least once a month . 
he scraping the bottom of the barrel at this point . 	i think pming every user for any reason is not only scraping the bottom of the barrel , its trying to bore a whole through the bottom . 
pfft ai n't no purple beat my gjally 	i hear ya , but i use legendary machine guns in crucible a lot . of course if i 'm going a raid the gally comes out . 
can i ask what it is about the rei you do n't like ? these were my top contender right now due to the price and wool amount . 	the darn tough are just more comfortable . they also dry a good bit faster . i would think the higher nylon content is to make them quick drying . 
sweet , thanks .   	i went ahead and added you . 
hopefully there will be a player base to come back to in a year when the game has content . 	that 's my only real worry . it 's a strong base and i know they can do something great with it , but i 'm not sure that will happen before it 's too late . 
i do n't like when people move away form this game - just give it some rest and you will get back to it . when they develop more features it will be more exciting . 	hopefully there will be a player base to come back to in a year when the game has content . 
only traders earn more as they progress . 	yeah . but is money everything ? i 'd sooner be earning less and enjoying myself than grinding the same trade route over and over . 
man ? those a childs hands . 	yup , i 'm only 17 haha . 
i 'm 28 and i plan on making up for lost time by banging 18 year olds .  assuming they ever want to fuck me . at the moment it 's just older women looking for cubs . 	you 're disgusting looking and only catch lady di drunks . you 're like cumia before accutane and 7 figure bank account . 
is there a reason not to play other colors for good cards ? 	i dunno . i like mono decks . 
 my opinion is the universe exists . 	hmm , that sounds pretty probable so i 'd have to agree with you on that one . 
it should be night for you now . i just got online and i 'll be here all day . 	i just got home and i 'm free for a few hours . you around ? 
sure thing . i 'm free right now . if that does n't work for you , i should be free this evening , about 4 hours from now . 	dang , you caught me at just the wrong time . i 'm heading out to the movies now . i do n't know how long it will take , but hopefully i will be back before you go offline for the night . 
i just got home and i 'm free for a few hours . you around ? 	sorry i was n't but i 'm free now and will be here for the rest of the day ! 
i 'm home now , are you free to trade and hatch ? 	sorry for the wait ! i can do this now if you 're still available ! 
gravy 's wrong , but still looks delicious . 	i agree on the gravy , but look at those cheese curds ! 
just direct messaged the kid on twitter . must have been a mistake 	i figured , i was more just poking fun at the fact . 
in increasing price ranges starting with your garage , diy auto shop , brakes plus , dealership . 	just be careful with brakes plus . they always pull you in and show you parts that most people would n't recognize and tell you they need to be changed to try to up sell the shit out of you . 
is anyone else a little jealous at op 's opportunity to start from scratch ? 	as a person whose gf just left : you 're a moron . 
all you do is wait for the attack where they fall on their backs and get a couple hits in . then repeat . 	use butt strats . 
they show up kinda late - ish in the game , so yeah , they 're late - ish game enemies . 	i 'd argue that they show up pretty early . 
or go to the guy at the base of the obelisk and enter that covenant . that covenant is useful if another player invades you . 	never had that actually work . apparently it does for top sm tier pvp though , since there 's a lot of invasions that happen there . 
that 's exactly the thought process that kept me trying to progress through the catacombs in ds 1 on my blind play through . 	are you the guy with the comprehensive blog about your playthrough ? if so , that was a joy to read . 
are you the guy with the comprehensive blog about your playthrough ? if so , that was a joy to read . 	can you send me a link to this blog ? i 'm quite intrigued now . 
if you wear a bra it 's pretty obvious that 's how i found out 	ahhh good idea . i have n't gotten naked in a while . 
all you do is wait for the attack where they fall on their backs and get a couple hits in . then repeat . 	the tricky part is making sure you 're not under their back when that happens . 
i actually thought it was a boat but then i got out and ogre ate my face . 	if you strip your character down , you may find the ogre ate other parts of his body , too .   
i would too , especially primus , as long as it 's doable on a 4 string . 	i mostly play guitar , but i would n't mind some primus too ! 
i would too , especially primus , as long as it 's doable on a 4 string . 	if there was a primus pack i 'd be seriously tempted to buy a bass . 
fair enough . rocks do n't ask strangers to suck their dicks , though . 	very true . i much prefer the company of rocks to this guy .  sorry for the insult , rocks ! 
will this ever be released as a game playable on a console in the us ? 	so far , they have no plans to release this on any console at all , which i think is ridiculous because the arcade version uses a regular gamepad anyway 
ok more questions cos im still curious 1 . what order do i watch the digimon adventures in 2 . is there a dub for both of them and is it decent 	1 . digimon adventure then digimon adventure 02 2 . there probably is dub for both , but i do n't know about the quality , because i watched them a long time ago in different dub . 
grenades are instant down and do n't put you in swan song . 	i know they 've put me into swan before , but i think it works differently between online and offline play . 
as soon as you eat the fish you get the item . 	thanks , i forgot you could just straight up eat them but i guess if you can sharpen your weapon with a fish eating them should be possible as well . 
update : there is a password protected zip file at the end , trying passwords now 	please report back findings . 
is there no gpu cracker for zips ? 	im not a hacker , script kiddie at best , idiot with google at worst . 
has anyone tried messaging krieger 's reddit account yet ? 	i have reached out to krieger - san to see if we mods can be of any use to him . i am anxiously waiting his reply . 
that 's gate keeper cp . big difference 	yeah my bad . easier to snag people though . 
did you read the manga ?  in that he grabs a fucking laser beam and throws it back at asura 	i saw the anime first , then wondered how the manga ended , so the anime is what is in my head , and i do n't recall that badassery . 
construction . the kind where being overweight means a potential fall risk , or injury lifting heavy things at the very least 	ah , that makes sense as i would n't trust a fatty on my roof . 
what industry is it ? i would n't be shocked if the fatties are going to try to make weight discrimination laws soon to everyone 's detriment . 	construction . the kind where being overweight means a potential fall risk , or injury lifting heavy things at the very least 
including the highway ? i though parks canada got a yearly subsidy ? 	sorry , yes they get their majority of funding from tax dollars , but of the money they take in from usage fees that majority is from banff . 
i usually do get a pass , but would be tempted to not bother if i am just out for a drive and making a couple short stops . i suppose if i do this often , i should get a year pass . 	a few stops along the way is nothing to worry about , but if you 're utilizing the parks services it 's worth it . posts some photos of your trip op 
confirming that mine was also a us copy and had the purple 20 value coins .  send the makers an email . i had a defect dice in the base game but didnt bother chasing them up . 	thanks for confirming this . thanks ! might just be a publisher change though . still too bad , those purple 20s look cool ! 
something tells me this guy is going to be single a long time . 	it 's obviously a dual coil bruh . 
is n't this just a digital rendering and not an actual picture ? 	huh looked like a pic to me . but it could be a digital rendering . 
do n't order the plastic ones they do n't look good at all . it really made me wonder about the quality of the metal ones as well . 	are you seventeen and going to prom as to propose to the love your life ? who the fuck proposes with a plastic fucking ring ? 
i dont think its funny to mock a minority of people , we are all humans and under under the same sun . 	it 's a mock at sexual insecurity . like when your young some calls you something you know you are n't but you make a big deal out of it . 
are you seventeen and going to prom as to propose to the love your life ? who the fuck proposes with a plastic fucking ring ? 	no i 'm a grown adult that knows to buy something cheap before you spend money on an unknown product . i 'm not the op i bought the male version of this ring . please do n't talk again . 
i wonder how pa will respond , because the article really paints them in a bad light . 	yeah them saying pax is a frat house environment really made me angry . thought that was pretty out of line . 
yeah them saying pax is a frat house environment really made me angry . thought that was pretty out of line . 	as somebody who has experienced both pax east and living in an actual fraternity house , the only way those two environments overlap is the abundance of dudes and the lack of healthy food . 
we agree on alot of things we hate government surveillance , regulation of the internet , student loan debt , gay rights , marijuana legalization , poverty control 	a lot of people do agree on those things . a lot of people do n't . there are millions of subscribers here , not every one shares the same political beliefs . 
i 'm unsure how to answer this . you should know what happens in the play . that will give you pretty much everything you need to know . 	what i was trying to get at was are there things that someone might miss when reading the play ? or things that should be understood solidly . 
serious question . does n't sweating from your workout wash the makeup off anyway ? 	not really , but i try not to wipe or touch my face that much . i do n't sweat that much on my face either way . 
i judge those who put make up at the gym before training . either you 'll look like a dead racoon or you do n't really come to train 	damn they pay the same membership fees as you . you do n't deserve to be there more because you end up with more sweat in your ass . chill 
if you come from work , makeup is absolutely fine . but i 've seen women apply fresh makeup in the locker room before they go out on the gym floor , which is weird . 	i do n't get it either , but it 's not my face . as long as it is making someone feel more confident and comfortable going to the gym , i 'm all for it . 
i judge those who put make up at the gym before training . either you 'll look like a dead racoon or you do n't really come to train 	or some people have good water and sweat proof make up or just naturally do n't sweat much on their face . 
if you come from work , makeup is absolutely fine . but i 've seen women apply fresh makeup in the locker room before they go out on the gym floor , which is weird . 	wearing makeup while you sweat for an hour is n't a healthy thing to do to your face . that 's why it 's weird . 
no . let 's just play nice . there is room for teasing . 	i would say there 's a difference between making fun and teasing , but i guess that may be semantics . but teasing someone in a friendly way is a lot different than making someone feel bad . 
fuck ! fastest title fight in ufc history . cat was unlucky while rhonda just used brute strength to get the w . extremely impressive . 	i agree ronda was super impressive , as always .  i disagree that cat got unlucky though . that was a poor performance . ca n't leave an arm out against rousey . rule 1 . 
looks great .  have you tried it with a bit of onion too ? it 's even better that way 	you can also turn it into a pizza pocket by putting tomato paste in there . 
i 'm sorry that reminding someone to follow a rule makes me seem so mean . sorry if hurt your feelings . 	oy enough already . let it go 
i have a bachelors in economics and am the it guy at a small business . it helps interestingly enough , budgeting , planning , making purchase decisions .   	same here business degree in marketing for a small business . i have found it useful for making decisions as well . 
ooh , ground effect !  does it fly nicely higher up ? 	it flies just as good at any altitude , it 's just the shot i managed to get . also , during most of its flight it was higher than its wingspan . 
from the runway of an aircraft carrier moving at super - sonic speeds . 	super - sonic in air or water ? 
i dunno , a piece of paper will glide . strap a prop to it and it will not fly or glide . 	no , but the shape of a piece of paper will . you need to make it stiffer to support the weight without warping . 
freedom cost a buck o five . 	nah , inflation . about three and a half dollars . 
that 's communism 	taking care of those that actually ca n't take care of themselves is n't communist . 
i guess it depends on which country you 're in ! 	hey , if you kill a bald eagle in yemen we will cone and give you freedom 
why do you guys call it the american bald eagle ? i live in canada and see these fuckers all the time flying around , nesting and shit . do n't these guys go to mexico as well ? 	you realize canada and mexico are in north america right ? and here i thought the united states education system had the geography problem . 
i just watched an eagle sleep for fifteen goddamn minutes . 	i wish i could pay money to be able to talk to it through a speaker , like 15 bucks per minutes even 
talk to him . do n't report him . 	sure , talk to him first . i completely agree . if that does n't work , op ca n't just have the kid rifling through his stuff forever . gotta put a stop to it asap . 
pressing charges against a family member is emotionally devastating . 	i do not agree with this . what is worse ? a little family bickering about their angel being arrested , or their little angel fucking with the wrong house and getting shot ?   
he 'd be cheap , pretty good backup quality , sounds like he 'd make a sweet deal due to ties to the area . 	what makes you believe he 'd be a quality back up ? he 's ponder with worse accuracy and a bigger arm . 
plus we 'd get the controversial comparisons between wilson and bridgewater at super bowl media day next feb . 	good thing wilson wo n't be playing that game . 
same here .  he is good as a backup , works hard and does n't cause waves .   	plus we 'd get the controversial comparisons between wilson and bridgewater at super bowl media day next feb . 
is n't no love usually the album that people usually credit with ride 's best shit ? even fantano says dg made a good choice by letting ride shine by bringing him more into the mix 	by far the darkest , most abrasive release in the disco . they need to let him shine at the forefront yet again , is seemed like jenny death may be the return . 
jesus fucking christ thats cool . 	it has restrictions though . only as fast as your ground speed and ca n't be used underground or inside 
i like my women like i like my penis towel .  wet and on my penis . 	i like it . its subtle and clever . 
like my wine 12 years old and stored in the basement . 	thats just wrong !  like my wine , better with age 
cheese . aged to perfection 	cheese . blue , cold , moldy and smelly . 
coffee . searing hot 	bitter and takes some getting used to . 
i like my women like i like my golf score . in the 80s with a slight handicap 	he likes to play the back holes . 
might have began as ironic , but i see them used genuinely or semi - genuinely all the time . and even if it is ironic , it still gets old really fast . 	true , but that goes for every reddit - approved joke . 
this is fantastic ! love seeing work with graphical mods and an eye for good camera work . 	thanks , man . 
the first teacher ever did n't teach at a school either . teaching predates humanity , for that matter . 	i think it 's talking about the profession of teacher , not just a person teaching another person something . 
i think it 's talking about the profession of teacher , not just a person teaching another person something . 	i was being a little facetious . the point is that the formal concepts of teaching and schools did n't just spring into being , they evolved gradually throughout history , together . 
i actually considered putting a comma inbetween those words . 	seems fine without it . i understood the title , and that 's what 's important . 
i 'm not on reddit son , i 'm on a chair ! 	but dad , i need you to stick your penis in my asshole ! 
yeah , what a cunt . what idiot would create a system to ensure future generations are kept up to speed on humanity 's progress so far ? 	well , he did a shit job of it , anyway . 
my main man jesus was the first teacher , but he was too busy learning party tricks like turning water into wine so he had no time for all that other shit . 	there were teachers before jesus . 
i 'm not on reddit son , i 'm on the toilet ftfy 	thanks dad , i 'm on the phone . 
yeah , what a cunt . what idiot would create a system to ensure future generations are kept up to speed on humanity 's progress so far ? 	take your logic , and take it somewhere else . 
dad stop making weird faces you 're embarrassing me ! 	who do you think made your weird face ? 
dad ! get off reddit ! 	i 'm not on reddit son , i 'm on a chair ! 
my main man jesus was the first teacher , but he was too busy learning party tricks like turning water into wine so he had no time for all that other shit . 	that jesus , i wanna learn his magic tricks . 
no . really . it 's a dad joke . deliberate misunderstanding of what was said is like the staple of those things . 	that 's the thing . it is n't a misunderstanding , deliberate or otherwise . op made a simple statement of truth . 
because every joke is apparently a dad joke to reddit . 	no , it 's cause we 're getting old and the kids do n't find us funny anymore . 
there was also at least one person in history who wrote more than he read . 	do n't you read everything you write ? 
a teacher ca n't teach if they do n't go to the school they teach at 	so the first teacher was never a student ? 
where 's the men 's studies ? what happened to equality ?  also , ca n't women 's studies just be integrated into a different major that is actually useful ? 	men 's studies is every other history class . 
because every joke is apparently a dad joke to reddit . 	your mom is a dad joke  maybe not your mom personally but someone 's mom on her is a dad joke 
and miss out on that double karma ? no chance 	my hand tried to post up twice on my penis the other day but the ref caught me slipping and blew the whistle for a double dribble . 
3 days after . remember this comment . 	news on 25th and the update arrives on 31st probably . 
found 3 last night . all of them were on the piano in piano houses . 	same , that 's where they seem to spawn in the piano house . 
i do n't care about votes . i wish i could just ask a normal question in this place without everyone going crazy . 	most of your downvotes are simply because the answer to your question is in link . you asked a pointless question because you were too lazy to read the link . 
we 're not talking about debt , dog . we 're talking about an award from the court , which is different 	no its the exact same thing . 
the same thing that happened to reddit as a whole . 	totally agreed . i dunno how but this place went to shit . i think it 's a bunch of alienated 12 year olds who feel cool bashing the establishment together ? or something like that 
but would n't it make you feel good that those opinions are downvoted into oblivion and not the top comment ? 	partially but it also makes me sad because those kinds of people tend to get more staunch in their beliefs in the face of overwhelming criticism . 
50 , 000 for the wager .  40 , 000 for being fucking morons . 	you mean legal fees ? 
it matters which type of liberal we are talking about . liberalism ? not really linked . modern american liberals ? yes , through the democrat party . 	agreed , though both major parties are blatantly authoritarian , just over different things . 
no it was worse - i do n't understand why people like you have to say stuff like that . 	people like me eh ? well at least one of us did n't learn shit from all this . 
i was in one with concrete walls with clear nail scratches . 	replica were built since the originals had been destroyed . a massive mistake in my opinion , it gives denying fuckers a talking point where there should n't be one .   
this is ludicrous . such questions help us realize how we know things . to act as though anything is above questioning betrays fear of scrutiny . 	that 's like questioning if grass is really green or if mirrors are actually real 
that 's so fucked up . how people can even believe that is beyond me . 	do n't worry . he either made it up or its only 1 person in 7 billion . 
i would n't be atlas if others would step up .  edit : humor intended 	you poor titan , you . 
like the television show children 's hospital ? he just plays a fictional character right ? 	no , a real , fairly large , functioning life - saving doctor - staffed hospital primarily for kids .  i ended up emailing his employer but never got a response . 
i really ca n't believe there are still people who do n't think the holocaust happened . 	there are countries that said the armenian genocide did n't happen . the us being one of them . 
nothing wrong in asking questions , specially when it comes to history you dumb faggot . 	except there is more than enough proof that the holocaust happened .  drink bleach you stupid anti - semitic twat . 
where 's your proof ? 	not proof , but evidence . current politics , and israeli history leading up to the present . 
so what 's your point here ? 	that it absolutely did happen , and it 's horrible , but it 's not inherently racist or antisemitic or bad to question the accuracy of some claims of the number of victims . 
oh , pictures , newspapers and articles ! fantastic . that 's what this guy was after . he wanted to know the mediums of the proof , but didnt give a fuck about the information they contained 	like what the fuck , why does shit need to be fucking spelled out for you . if you need your hand held like this how do you survive in the outside world ? 
no . what makes you think i may be a musician ? 	your user name made me think of someone molesting another 's face with their bass guitar . i guess it 's even better if the offender ca n't play the instrument though . 
the japanese government vehemently denies the rape of nanking to this day . it is n't limited to the fringe members of japanese society . 	wanna source that bud ? 
sadly you are dead on . how many people were taught about these things in school ? if not zero , pretty damn close . 	i learned about both of those in middle school . 
growing up , my mother was an rn and did in home care for the sweetest german couple . my sister asked why they had matching tattoos . we got an education that day . 	tattoos were only given to those within auschwitz 1 , the concentration camp aspect , so they must have been from there .  it 's interesting that theres the myth that all jews got tattooed . 
one day when history looks back at our age , we will be those idiots that denied what was really going on around us . 	na , they 'll be denying that thailand participated in the second china - brazil war . 
i will never be able to express how thankful i am for the fact that denying the holocaust is a crime in germany . 	thought crimes are great . hopefully we get some good brain reading tech soon . imagine a future where we can jail people before they even become holocaust deniers . 
why ca n't holocaust deniers be given access to the sites so they themselves can see if it really happened . would n't that be a better proof for them . 	why do people think a camp proves something ? if i were to charge you with murder and showed someone a field would that prove it ? 
what proof did he provide ? the article does n't mention . not a denier , just curious . 	less proof than the church provided to show galileo that the sun went around the earth before they persecuted him ! that was actually observable in a sense . this is just a conspiracy theory . 
i hear that all the time , or that it was a training exercise and either they butchered kids for training or never really happened . 	i think it 's just how people deal with such insanity , they just wish it away . not healthy or realistic , but it is understandable on some level . 
let me put my belt buckle on your forehead and my nuts on your chin and see for yourself dumb faggot . 	the mouth breathing inbred from kentucky seems to be a little obsessed with gay sex . 
what does that have to do with pine trees ? 	what 's the difference between a mallard with a cold and an ice cream cone ? 
look at the size of the hole in the pentagon ! it should be shaped like a plane . i know because i played tetris . 	are you guys seriously mocking the loss of life due to the direct actions of the corruption of the us ? 
i believe the saudis are behind the attacks , but i also believe that the israeli government may have had a hand . 	the saudis and jews have been known to work together frequently , they 're great buddies ! 
i find it incredibly hard to believe that anyone who paid even a little bit of attention in a high school history course would n't learn about stalin 's brutality . 	you were taught about the armenian genocide ?    what about congo ?    point being , we , as nearly all spend a disproportionate on one atrocity . 
i hope your cousin does well in art school , because the last time someone dropped out . . . 	he 's doing good actually . he started out with an interest in visual art but now he 's focusing on metal working and jewelry . 
the point of my post was discussing the way people discuss these things .  i 'm sorry that your reading comprehension is n't up to snuff . 	you ca n't even read your own post , do n't talk to me about reading comprehension . 
i found an anti - semitic asshole spouting holocaust denial garbage , how surprising . 	do you hate white people because we have bigger dicks rabbi ? is that why you hate us so ? because we 're just as smart as you but with bigger dicks ? 
jet fuel ca n't melt steel memes . 	steel beams ca n't fuel jets ! 
they just need to stop mentioning it every time israel does something horrible . 	well depending on what side you are on , israel is constantly doing something horrible . that has nothing to do with this post . 
yeah . thank god we do n't rely on eye - witness accounts for anything historical . 	jesus christ no ! that would be ridiculous ! 
sadly you are dead on . how many people were taught about these things in school ? if not zero , pretty damn close . 	i only learned about the armenian genocide from dan carlin a few months ago . 
yea , the guy that posted this saw one of the top comments in that post and waited an hour to repost it . 	this guy is the original op of that comment . 
ah so i 'm a jew am i ? is that the only possible explanation ? how telling . 	funny to see how youre acting like a complete dick towards an innocent statement with harsh language . were you born in the wrong hole , jew ? 
that settles everything , you ca n't deny a book . 	by that logic , every single thing in every single history textbook is automatically bullshit , just because it 's in a book does n't make it true . 
and the burden of proof on the internet keeps bouncing around like a game of hot potato . 	why ca n't i hold all these proofs ? 
i want to know why all of the other atrocities that took place are not given as much press time as the holocaust . many of which were way worse .  edit : downvotes ? 	because they are not as well documented as the holocaust and the survivors are not as adamant about making sure the atrocity is not forgotten . 
no country on the face of the earth has never done something fucked up , humans can be terrible , it does n't matter where you are from 	canada ? 
reddit worries about sjw and other dumb shit . stormfront is far worst than any gamergate lame ass shit . 	are you trying to tell me that ethics in game journalism some stupid horse shit that only idiots are concerned with ? perish the thought . 
and the crazy thing is , if you say those never happened , no one would bat an eye . 	idk , i guess some people would n't really know , but i know a ton of people who would call someone out for saying that . 
i really ca n't believe there are still people who do n't think the holocaust happened . 	which one ? there have been multiple in the past 70 years ? 
i missed the joke . 	that 's okay , more laughter for us . 
so he proved it with his autobiography ? how on earth does that prove anything 	when writing a book you generally have to gather a lot of source material , that is most likely what was used as evidence , not the book itself . 
you can prove something did n't happen . if i asked you to prove that the sun did n't explode yesterday all you 'd have to do is look up . 	in a parallel dimension it did due to the theory of infinite parallel dimensions so give me my money . 
or , you could answer my question . the only race i care about is the human race . the rest is decoration . 	why did you just bring up judaism for no reason and acted like i have a problem with it ? 
why ca n't holocaust deniers be given access to the sites so they themselves can see if it really happened . would n't that be a better proof for them . 	and be given tours inside the showers , yah . 
many countries have already made an official statement on the reality of the armenian genocide .   	i know . but it would be good in a country that is close allies with turkey or turkey is pressuring to deny the genocide . 
i 'm dumb , but you do n't even know what the pictures , newspaper articles , and documents even are of and here you are telling me . 	i read it somewhere else in the thread . i just did n't feel like finding it and showing you . 
i have n't seen air either so 	i have n't seen atoms , i 've never seen black holes , i 've never seen my own skeleton edit : i 've never seen an earth orbiting sun 
so if i say two plus two equals 8 , then my freedom of speech is none and void and i can be subject to prosecution ? 	why would anyone prosecute you for that ? no law , no prosecution . and the state ca n't create a law that goes against the gg . 
wait , if no party can go against the constitution how can it ever be amended ? 	it can be amended by political parties that are not being barred by court orders on grounds of nationalist or racist organization or ideology . 
i missed the joke . 	it was n't funny . 
you really dont get that im being sarcastic ? really ? 	your sarcasm sucks . 
that katy perry egyptian video had those people losing their minds for a solid year , man . on the other hand , i wish i could get my hair a lovely shade of blue . 	have they found out about guy fieri yet ? 
sorry where are the graves you speak of ? 	i guess if they were all cremated then there would n't be . point taken . 
i dated a black girl who told me how bad it was for her great great great great grandparents being kept as a slave and how shes constantly oppressed as a result . 	i understand that 's an attempt at humor , but she may certainly have faced discrimination . 
2 is a pretty small numbers and those were only jews . hail hydra . 	point ? 
where was that ? do you have any pictures of it ?  asking for pictures get you a down vote really ? brah i like history . 	currently at work , will provide pics when i get home 
i really ca n't believe there are still people who do n't think the holocaust happened . 	what does it matter at this point it 's history - why dont we complain about the mongols or the romans at this point , this propaganda is posted every single week . 
i think it does n't come across as much , but the japanese were worse than the germans imo . they tortured the shit out of everyone . 	for whatever reason the nazi 's were n't terrible to the western portion of the allies . they were every bit as bad as the japanese against the russians . 
dank memes ca n't steal my melt ! 	motherfucker , that 's a grilled cheese . 
even if all five points were true , they ca n't deny that the population is shifting from white to non - white , as measured by birth ratios alone . so is that a good or a bad thing ? 	who cares ? what does skin colour do apart from be skin colour ? 
except there is more than enough proof that the holocaust happened .  drink bleach you stupid anti - semitic twat . 	go fuck yourself with your holocaust guilt you dumb faggot . you are the cancer of this world . 
all you have to do now is read the article . 	obviously you did n't take your own advice because the article does n't list any proof . 
sadly not many pay attention in middle school history class or do n't care to remember after they pass the required tests 	that 's not what we 're arguing though , we 're arguing whether or not it 's taught . 
all you have to do now is read the article . 	i 'd like for the information to simply enter my memory . 
it definitely happened . but the numbers are greatly exaggerated 	what evidence is there for that ? if anything , the numbers are usually understated - many think only 6 million died , because they do n't take into account the 5 million non - jews . 
there is a group that believes the entire universe revolves around the earth . there is also a group that believes no one has ever been to the moon . 	yeah . but at least with space shit it is n't on earth , the holocaust happened on our planet lol . 
do n't flame . i 've seen the documentaries about it . but i 've never seen real life evidence of it 	i 've never seen evidence that you 're not a robot or human . therefore you must be a figment of my imagination . 
just like the n - word has nothing to do with being black . go fuck yourself and then go die . 	faggot has a huge range of meanings really ; it can describe a variety of attitudes or actions . nigger means nothing but a black person . 
i really ca n't believe there are still people who do n't think the holocaust happened . 	just like there are people that think the armenian genocide did n't happen . 
i really ca n't believe there are still people who do n't think the holocaust happened . 	same thing with the armenian genocide . 
i 'm not attacking you , just curious what you mean by mostly ? 	it seems that a lot of people here are attacking me , but by mostly i mean that some myths about the holocaust simply are n't true . things such as humans being made into soap and stuff . 
in the autobiography ? 	why not read the fucking thing before questioning it ? do you think he faked the photographs and witness testimony ? if he used someone elses biography you 'd still be questioning it , right ? 
til that a diary is scientific proof for an event . 	are you saying the only evidence of the gas chambers is a single diary ? 
this is til not an academic journal . 	it does actually need to be a reputable source . not a poorly written undergrad paper . 
how did the conversation shift from wine to holocaust denial ? 	jew juice . 
not really but that 's your opinion . 	it 's an easily observable fact . 
hey man , i do n't support any of that shit and agree with you . but the israelis are not all jews , they are n't a jew hive mind that all jews subscribe to . 	agreed : it 's the top dogs on the governmental level the same as it always is . 
even if you believe that , which is crazy , how does that come up on a first or early date . hey just wanted to let you know i 'm insane before you get too interested . your welcome ! 	most will do this in the first date or two , it takes a lot of work to keep all your mental chickens quiet and in the bag . 
i would love to get a chance to talk to a holocaust denier and see their point of view . just an honest discussion . any takers ? no cussing no being a dick , just a honest talk . 	go check out stormfront . you can find a lot of them there , and they have a section for discussion with people who disagree with their views . 
it is bad if you limit your questioning to only things you do not want to be true . perhaps they should put into question whether they are shitty people . 	to your second point , i agree . everything is will be better when put into question . 
you guys are terrified enough people will pay attention because the story falls apart upon examination . 	unless you count the half a century of examination that 's already happened . 
i think it does n't come across as much , but the japanese were worse than the germans imo . they tortured the shit out of everyone . 	let 's agree on both being pretty bad . it 's not a race . 
i certainly will argue a point and take down votes .  i think the problem is people not understanding that button does n't mean agree or disagree . 	i asked a question in a thread yesterday trying to get a better understanding of the way a particular e - sports league works . - 6 karma in 5 minutes . 
history that is not subject to debate will always be suspect . 	debating the existance of the holocaust is like debating the existence of the nazis . 
everyone knows 90 billions jews were burned to death by hitler .  anyone who dare question this fact is an anti - semite ! 	right , 1 . 5 million deaths is ok , it 's just 90 billion is a total farce . everyone knows genocide is ok so long as you do n't kill more than 2 million people . 
i really ca n't believe there are still people who do n't think the life and death of our lord - saviour jesus christ happened .  what , you choose to believe one jewish tale but not the other ? 	i mean i do n't think anyone doubts jesus existed , i think the difference there is one group believes he was the son of god and the other things that he was just a normal guy . 
it 's probably because i 'm a guy but i thank luck daily for how little crazy i 've met off that site despite being pretty slutty myself . 	one man 's crazy is another man 's normal ! : p 
stop pushing your racist thoughts onto other people . its weird . 	or , you could answer my question . the only race i care about is the human race . the rest is decoration . 
man , this is reddit , dont try to find answers here , it 's pure circlejerk . 	if believing the holocaust happened is a circlejerk in your world you need to grow the fuck up . 
fuck .  but it 's really probably just mental illness most of the time . 	having dealt with several family members who have suffered from mental illnesses i can say that conspiracy theories seem to be very appealing to people who are in that state of mind . 
not illegal in europe . just germany . can say what you like about it anywhere else , but you will rightly be treated as a complete moron . 	i could have sworn it was also illegal in austria ? 
there are laws in germany against saying that the holocaust never existed . 	pretty much anything that places nazis in a positive light is illegal in germany . also most nazi symbols are illegal . 
may all that enter heed thy warning : do not filter the comments by controversial .  seriously , it 's not worth the rage . 	ugh god why did n't i listen to you . why why why 
well to be fair , the six million figure is a bit inflated . it was about 5 , 4 million . 	actually more . that was just the number of jews . 
what does it matter at this point it 's history - why dont we complain about the mongols or the romans at this point , this propaganda is posted every single week . 	honestly i did n't expect this post to become a big deal lol . it was more going along the lines of how the court said it was a fact . 
i did n't read anything you wrote when i saw your caps and bold 	you should . you will learn something and be less of a retard . 
220 000 in syria , in these past years . dont assume some people are more valuable than others . 	did n't you just say that you were n't sympathetic to the holocaust ? remember all lives matter troll . 
why would you want the holocaust to leave memory ? 	because its time to drop it . israel wo n't even acknowledge the armenian genocide for fucks sake . not to mention their treatment of palestine . 
you should try to learn more about human behaviour . it 's not surprising at all that people would doubt it if you know anything about how humans think , and the things they believe in . 	i know , but in my opinion the holocaust is a fact , like grass being green or the sky blue lol , it happened . 
was n't there a quote given by a president or prime minister ordering massive numbers of pictures be taken so as to crush these conspiracies ? does anyone remember how that quote goes ? 	the supreme commander of allied forces himself . eisenhower 
you 're supposed to pretend to be a holocaust denier denier denier and keep the circlejerk going ! you ruined it ! 	pretend ?  everyone knows that i deny that people deny denying holocaust deniers . i just assumed that was implied . 
oh how blissful it is to be ignorant . you do n't even know who the enemy is when they are right behind you fucking your ass . 	ignorant ? no my dear . i have no pathetic need to blame the jews , i am neither impotent nor dumb . 
yeah but if they have no money you ca n't take what they do n't have 	exactly right . it 's pretty easy to get out of paying much of you court ordered settlement , especially if you live in a state where they ca n't go after your house and car . 
i think it does n't come across as much , but the japanese were worse than the germans imo . they tortured the shit out of everyone . 	my grandfather fought in the war - he was a loving , accepting man that never judged anyone . except the japanese . i think there 's lots exactly like him . 
is this a high school report ? the writer repeats himself so often , it sounds like filling words ! 	i was thinking that too . trying to write to a word count , maybe ? 
i understand now . my bad , i misunderstood your comment . you were looking for the proof used in the case , not proof of the holocaust .  whoops ! 	and in any other situation you would 've understood my question but when the holocaust is mentioned people just go insane in their head .   
well , if they do n't pay up , a collection agency can be contracted and escorted by a sheriff deputy , seeing as they were ordered to pay by a court . 	yeah but if they have no money you ca n't take what they do n't have 
look at the size of the hole in the pentagon ! it should be shaped like a plane . i know because i played tetris . 	i still do n't understand how there is absolutely no footage of the pentagon crash or wreckage . help me out ? 
and the burden of proof on the internet keeps bouncing around like a game of hot potato . 	and it 's one hot , sexy potato being tossed around 
and the burden of proof on the internet keeps bouncing around like a game of hot potato . 	prove it . 
dude , they were inflicting wounds on children then fucking the wounds . they 're at least on par . 	and america nuked city 's full of women and children . no one was innocent in that war 
so you 're saying that there 's more of them out there ? i thought maybe he just had a drinking problem . 	i 'd actually never heard that particular conspiracy theory , which is why i stuck around to hear it .  there 's a lot of crazy out there . 
so his autobiography was proof ? lol . 	books ca n't be considered evidence now ? 
let 's agree on both being pretty bad . it 's not a race . 	no it was worse - i do n't understand why people like you have to say stuff like that . 
i will take your word , nonetheless you are the vast minority 	i find it incredibly hard to believe that anyone who paid even a little bit of attention in a high school history course would n't learn about stalin 's brutality . 
but everyone who knows the word anti - semitic knows that we 're not using a language - family - based meaning of the word semitic . everyone . 	it also refers to the ethnicities of those language groups . i understand the israelis want a monopoly on the term but hatred for arabs is the same as hatred for israel . 
i would say that 's an opinion . 	and we would all say you 're wrong . 
i 'm sure they said the same thing to galileo . 	yeah , but he right . you can prove that he was . the holocaust happened . deal with it . feel bad about . teaching other people that it didnt happen is irresponsible . 
i finally have a place to post my theory that bill clinton 's dick was made of chocolate and every person in a car who is n't me has a peg leg . question everything . 	questioning something does n't mean act completely illogical and make up random shit . 
yeah , supposedly mel gibson 's dad is one such denier . i do n't understand how anyone can refuse to believe such a well documented part of history . 	i read that as mel brooks first and it was much more shocking . 
please , someone deny another well documented truth and offer an award for anyone who can prove you wrong . i really need the money . 	usa presidents birth certificate ? 
but it is n't a belief , it is n't an opinion , it is just untrue . and it 's a dangerous mentality to have , hence the laws against it . 	a belief can be not true . what 's your point ? 
that 's the mods , i 'm pretty sure . i 've only met a few holocaust deniers in my life but they 're shameless and completely convinced . 	it 's a shame that the mods delete them . i do n't agree with them , but they should still be allowed to post 
it can be amended by political parties that are not being barred by court orders on grounds of nationalist or racist organization or ideology . 	but would n't any party trying to amend certain parts of the constitution pretty much be labeled unconstitutional by definition ? 
and the burden of proof on the internet keeps bouncing around like a game of hot potato . 	to be fair the burden of proof falls on whomever made the positive claim . thing is , the holocaust 's evidence is everywhere . 
right , 1 . 5 million deaths is ok , it 's just 90 billion is a total farce . everyone knows genocide is ok so long as you do n't kill more than 2 million people . 	well apparently it is , since there is genocide happening in africa right now and nobody in the western world seems to care . 
shit i need to find one of these groups that likes to make bets against facts . judging by a few recent reddit posts , it is pretty easy money . 	maybe the flat earth society would like to make a bet . 
i have never heard a single person express anything even close to those sentiments . 	i did n't either - i assumed everyone felt it was wrong to lock up innocent people - until george takei started talking about internment camps . then all of a sudden my mind started boggling . 
thank you american education system . 	as an american myself , i can assure you they were n't american . they were n't carrying an visible firearms and they did n't have a single american flag on them . 
the term liberal is not really linked with government . 	it matters which type of liberal we are talking about . liberalism ? not really linked . modern american liberals ? yes , through the democrat party . 
you are blatantly incorrect . any criticism of israel , or really anything involving jews gets you labeled an anti - semite very quickly .   	bullshit again . denying the holocaust does that . saying jews run the world does that . repeating nazi propaganda does that . criticizing the state of isreal alone does n't earn you that label . 
yeah . in no way am i some kind of holocaust denier , but i was very curious to know what his definitive proof was . the article was just as vague as the title . i 'm a little disappointed . 	the holocaust simply is a fact . and denying it is already illegal by law . no proof required in this case 
so three jews walk into a bar . i lied , it was a gas chamber . 	you 're making fun of other people 's death . 
yes but how do you explain the survivors then who told their stories ? were they paid to do so for the rest of their lives ? 	im grateful you asked . first hand accounts have been proven false plenty of times . lamp shades anyone ? 
i know , but in my opinion the holocaust is a fact , like grass being green or the sky blue lol , it happened . 	nice to see you can totally miss the point from more than one angle ! 
is this someone 's undergraduate paper ? 	yeah a college freshman from 2003 . 
you asked a question i answered that 's all 	your answer is n't about the autobiography unless it has a dvd in it 
the fact that i got in a troll 's head amuses me . looks like i win . 	srsly bro u got me so mad . u def won . 
that 's the mods , i 'm pretty sure . i 've only met a few holocaust deniers in my life but they 're shameless and completely convinced . 	because they believe in free speech , but only for their racist viewpoints . they 'd happily stifle liberal , educated speech . 
you 're ruining the lives of people you disagree with , you must be a great person . or you 're full of shit . either way , fuck off . 	nazis can die in a fire . 
shit i need to find one of these groups that likes to make bets against facts . judging by a few recent reddit posts , it is pretty easy money . 	horses do n't exist . i 'll pay someone 18 trillion dollars if they can prove horses exist . 
as a jew , i think that is a terrible law . it only makes the crazy people feel like they might be onto something 	as a non - jewish german , i think it is good and necessary . although it should perhaps be expanded to other genocides , and not uphold one as exalted . 
they worked the labor force to death , but they had no use for non - laborers . you do n't see children in those camp photos . 	why did n't they kill all the prisoners in the camps when it was certain they would lose ? according to popular history , the germans wanted to kill everyone ! 
that 's the mods , i 'm pretty sure . i 've only met a few holocaust deniers in my life but they 're shameless and completely convinced . 	you ca n't properly convince a crazy person they are n't crazy . 
then i do n't understand , what makes the jews different from any other race when it comes to being selfish ? 	do you truly not understand the post ?  you do n't get money from the jewish ceos and film directors just because you are jewish . 
it requires giant mental gymnastics to not know it happened . 	fox news caliber spin required . 
so are your parents still racists and did you conclude that they also might be really stupid once you realized the evidence contradicted your entire upbringing ? 	they 're still racist , but they did n't really care about the holocaust too much . 
the holocaust should never be removed from memory . the only way to become better as a species is to remember and learn from our mistakes . 	there is a difference between remembering it and daily reminders about why we should feel bad and why nazis were all the exact same . 
i 'm not an anti semite and if the holocaust had actually happened , i would totally condemn it .  i just do n't think it did . the evidence does n't point in that direction . 	wow . did not realize you were going to say that . backing out of this convo now , jesus . i 'm sure your community college has a class on this time period . go take it . 
how is an autobiography considered proof ? 	dude , it 's a book , books do n't lie . 
you 're not proving something did n't happen here , a new sun might have appeared in the meantime . 	based on how stars are formed , it certainly could not .  edit : moved a comma  
what what if factor ? it doesnt matter if you dont believe it it happened . 	it 's like alternate history stories i do n't believe they 're really but they can be entertaining 
and what have your entire setup go down at one single bump ? what if you lose the adaptor then your fucked . 	both of those points are true with or without this particular adapter . 
no it 's a max 1 . 3 core m . unproven technology . 	that 's an i5 , and it 's been in macbook airs since 2013 at least . i 've had a similar i5 in my laptop for 3 years as well and have no problem playing 4 decks while scanning my library . 
i 've never seen that type of roof in a residential house before . 	how many miniature train sets have you seen ? 
not really . if you 're a good trap getting semen is free . 	have to get semen in order to be a good trap .  have to be a good trap in order to get semen .  life is hard . 
alcohol and semen . wow , this diet is expensive . 	not really . if you 're a good trap getting semen is free . 
you can actually go through account support and ask jagex to turn it on for you if you 're fresh off of tutorial island with no xp gains . 	probably faster to just make a new acc and be done with it haha . did n't know jagex does this . care to link with an example where they did this ? pretty nice of them 
easy clean up . 	for real , i do n't even get spitting . do you just leave it in your mouth and run to the bathroom ? the taste is already in your mouth , just swallow . 
i love taking in all his juices in my mouth . also , no clean up and i get to chase him around after with kisses for fun . 	does he not like to kiss you after ? 
what div are you in ? i tend to lose 2 - 0 in the first 45 and then get a 3 - 2 to 5 - 2 lead after . i do n't know why it happens , it just does . 	back and forth between 1 and 2 . it 's just been happening alot the last few days 
whew , did n't want to sell it but would have to helped someone out . 	would have been much appreciated if we had made a deal ! 
so this is for naval engagements only ? because i doubt this has anything to do with territorial waters . 	yeah , we could n't get a map with water provinces so this has to do : p 
might be a dumb question , but pretty lights will be bringing his light show , right ? 	probably not , it 's a tough venue to bring complex production to . 
it would be so awesome if everyone dressed up 90s style for his set . 	so like how we normally dress in the forest ? 
it would be so awesome if everyone dressed up 90s style for his set . 	i 'm already thinking about a fresh prince of bel - air costume 
the link looks broken , but i 'd totally love to hear this . 	serves me right for copy and pasting . fixed , thanks ! 
yeah i was going off the unity page where it shows a lot of their games not the wikipedia page . if you go on the wikipedia page then it will show a big list of games from companies . 	interesting thing is that list is big , but it is not even close to complete . 
they only use a very small fraction of it for that . 	which is still a lot more money than linux . 
vista itself is n't bad , it was just included on hardware that could n't support it well . 	yup , laptops with 1gb of ram were getting vista put on it and it would shit the bed and people would wonder why it was slow 3 days later . 
oops , seem like i was a bit too fast to say nope , since this key leaked approx a month before general public release , you 're probably right . 	i 'm old and have a weird memory .  they used to come printed on the disc sleeves . but this was before they added activation to win xp . initially it did n't have it . 
sure , but it could still start nagging you to buy a license . 	no . that is the point of the fucking article . they will have a real license . 
what do you mean by reliability though ? the only problems i ever had with windows were because of a bad overclocking job on my part . windows has been perfectly reliable for me . 	what i mean is do n't connect it to the internet unless you 've dropped some cash on good malware protection , because otherwise your performance will take a sharp nose dive within a few weeks . 
is n't all software free for software pirates ? 	in terms of up - front money , totally . in terms of risking a lawsuit , not unless you 're really damn careful . 
said on the free website called reddit . 	precisely . why do you think there are ads and reddit gold ? 
lets say i have an office full of pcs and i throw windows 7 on there pirated . do i now have an office full of fully legally licensed pcs once 10 comes out ? 	i do n't think enterprise versions are free 
so as a genuine windows vista user , should i go get myself a pirate copy of 7 or 8 so i can get a legit copy of 10 ? 	just download the 10 tech preview . 
looks like someone 's trying to get their app store up and running . 	or windows ! now with ad space ! 
learn jokes ? 	read articles ? 
lots of former video game pirates really love steam . 	a lot of the time i will pirate a game to see if it 's worth buying . i own legit copies of everything i liked . 
to be fair , everything you just said is possible on a windows machine to a power user . 	that does n't surprise me , but i 'm sure they ca n't just edit microsoft 's source code to accomplish those things . 
yeah , it was somewhere i could n't find it so i had to have an asus warranty place fix it , and that just happened to be best buy . to their credit they did it really fast i suppose . 	it 's a pain that i ca n't use the windows key from my broken laptop to put a new computer together . though mine is just written under the battery on a sticker . 
you do n't have a clue what you 're talking about .  win 1 was bad , 95 was revolutionary in the windows world , 2000 was stable as shit , you forgot me and the entire nt branch . 	yep . some people still think 2000 is the best os microsoft ever produced . 
is n't all software free for software pirates ? 	the fact that this is not the top comment is criminal ! 
finance ? 	i 'd love to say , but sadly not a finance company 
the problem is the 5 solutions that people suggest usually involve installing some very dodgy trial or freemium app to fix basic functionality of the original problem . 	never once have i recommended installing a shady piece of software to fix a windows os specific issue . 
definitely true , but why pirate when you can get something that serves the same purpose and is legal ? 	because it does n't serve the same purpose . there are still plenty of games and software you ca n't get on linux or mac . 
i think it 's just windows 7 or later . 	xp is no longer a supported os , and we 're just pretending vista never existed .   - microsoft 
they will still be making that money . unless they inadvertently cause a trend in oems selling os - less pcs . 	they would still make that money even though it would be free ? hmm ? 
wait , so if i have win8 , i can upgrade to 10 and keep the upgrade even after the first year ? if true , you 're right , that is some fud bullshit . 	yeah that 's the way it is . you get a full license if you transfer in the first year . it is n't noneified after that . 
looks like someone 's trying to get their app store up and running . 	boom . razor and blades business model . 
would those same people be likely to use the app store regardless ? 	i disabled the app store . i run a pirated win 8 . 1 enterprise and receive updates without issue . 
is windows 10 going to be open source ? if not then linux will still have it beat imo . 	nope but no one will care about open - source stuff . only nerds , geeks and it people like us . which are n't the typical microsoft 's client . 
you 'll get dx12 , better performance and overall a newer os and lose literally nothing . it even has a start menu 	you lose things like calculator . it 's an app now , which means you ca n't have more than one open at a time . 
they 're also the biggest advertising company in the world , more eyeballs more money for them . 	til google sells eyeballs like that creepy guy in minority report . 
is it a torrent thing or how would one do this ? you know , so i can avoid accidentally doing it . 	do n't be like that , adobe do n't deserve money , the shit they make .  i imagine any private tracker worth its salt would have a copy of cc floating around . 
you do realize the xbox one is capable of web browsing and more too right ? why the fuck does anyone buy that when a pc can just do that . 	steam os is redundant , and steam machines are overpriced . the only thing they have for them is steam sales , which i 'm not is enough to create a new sustainable market . 
nah you do n't , you probably have an activator to make your key actually work . 	nah . i have used an activator on a pirated copy before . this is an actual key that i have used for multiple computers i have built as well as parallels on my imac . 
looks like someone 's trying to get their app store up and running . 	so gaben 's strategy of moving steam off the windows platform has been the right move . ca n't wait to be using linux full time . 
the apps ? the weather one that came pre installed with win 8 with adverts on it - that to me is bloatware .   	so , by that definition , the clock on all computers ever is bloatware . better uninstall your os dude . do n't want that bloat . 
if they make windows a subscription based os , they will lose a ton of customers . i certainly would move to another os . 	i would finally get around to resolving my wireless issues in linux so i can switch permanently . 
new business model ? 	app store . selling you on using their purchasing sites and getting out of bad investments on their end . a few years of casual purchases will be worth 10x the cost of the os . 
windows 8 is faster than windows 7 , seriously i cannot take people seriously when they 're all hating on w8 . 	in windows 8 , the task manager takes tens of seconds to open after hitting ctrl - shift - escape . windows 7 does it in only a couple seconds . 
it 's not untrue if it 's true , are you calling me a liar ? 	how do you know it 's true for every black person ever ? 
i 'm not sure i 'd leave windows 7 still even if 10 was free . i 'm not a fan of apps and if anything i 'd rather go to linux than microsoft at this point . 	you 'll get dx12 , better performance and overall a newer os and lose literally nothing . it even has a start menu 
looks like someone 's trying to get their app store up and running . 	because pirates are really gonna buy apps from their app store . 
i 'm usually not buying corporate arguments that easily , but microsoft 's reasoning , that they want to purge dated windows versions to save money on support , makes a lot of sense . 	or they want to get pirates to come forward and claim an upgrade so they can sue them . 
git the fuck outta here ! 	nope . you did n't say the magic word . 
well , to be honest , it was mostly the reliability that convinced me to go with linux . i just did n't think to go into much detail on that . 	what do you mean by reliability though ? the only problems i ever had with windows were because of a bad overclocking job on my part . windows has been perfectly reliable for me . 
i have three for games . but how do you pay attention to a movie and play a game at the same time . 	i do n't , but i know people who do . probably turn based games like civ . 
i 'm usually not buying corporate arguments that easily , but microsoft 's reasoning , that they want to purge dated windows versions to save money on support , makes a lot of sense . 	looks like we finally won the war , fellas . 
as far as i know it 's still the same , you still only have to replace one dll file 	but which one . dll ? because i surely do n't want this to happen to my copy of cc ! 
i 'm not sure i 'd leave windows 7 still even if 10 was free . i 'm not a fan of apps and if anything i 'd rather go to linux than microsoft at this point . 	i already went to linux for any time i actually want to get work done , so i only use windows 7 for gaming and light internet browsing . it works fine for those limited purposes ; why upgrade ? 
that does n't surprise me , but i 'm sure they ca n't just edit microsoft 's source code to accomplish those things . 	which means that you would n't risk breaking something that something else you are n't expecting relies on . 
moment of silence for those who paid to upgrade to windows 8 . 	got 4 copies for 15 a piece . no complaints in this household . 
looks like someone 's trying to get their app store up and running . 	are people who pirate windows and those who buy apps in the same category ? 
why do you have four displays if only three can realistically be used in a game . 	maybe he 's watching a movie in one ? or has his email open ? or a billion different things he could do ? 
i 'm usually not buying corporate arguments that easily , but microsoft 's reasoning , that they want to purge dated windows versions to save money on support , makes a lot of sense . 	not to mention updating the security of their installed base . 
bingo . pirated copies installed on computers people buy is fairly common .  with computer prices so low now , a real windows license is a large part of the full cost . 	they scale that , though , some machines even come with versions of windows 8 that were free to the manufacturer 
if they make windows a subscription based os , they will lose a ton of customers . i certainly would move to another os . 	everyone would just revert back to windows 7 .  windows 7 has n't caused me any problems . i could stay on this os indefinitely if needed . 
well it is a bear market . 	not a bull market ?  and are we talking the original bulls without hooves or the newer ones with ? 
diligent jews ? what the fuck was that for ? 	we do n't like to be in evil corporate databases since u had to ask i assume you are n't jewish 
at least not on purpose . 	exactly . they polled all contributors and they all confirmed that it was not intentional . 
because almost no one pays full retail price for windows . when was the last time you saw someone walk out of a tech store with a box of windows ? 	my roommate did this about a year ago . he also had n't heard of abp until last week . 
is that a key that everyone used or something ? 	my dad actually got us a company key from his employer , so while it did the same thing , it was a different key . 
so as a genuine windows vista user , should i go get myself a pirate copy of 7 or 8 so i can get a legit copy of 10 ? 	i wonder if you can just use the trial and immediately upgrade to the full version . 
anyone else get the feeling windows is going to be a subscription service ? 	they are copying apple . free osx , but app store is deeply implemented in the os . 
hold on to that installer , it 's gonna be worth so much money someday ! it 'll be one of a kind ! 	only if it 's still new in the box . 
but microsoft uses that money to better their os . linux has to hope for charity . 	they only use a very small fraction of it for that . 
if they 're using a legit copy of 8 then they can downgrade to 7 for free . 	good to know ! i just looked into it and i 'll see if she can find the windows 8 disc . thanks ! 
does this mean that i can pirate windows 7 , and then get a free clean install of windows 10 ? are there any cons in doing this instead of buying a new copy of windows 10 ? 	if you listen to the tin foil brigade , then the government is going to be watching you . if you 're not a whack job , then no , i 'm not seeing a con to it . 
are people who pirate windows and those who buy apps in the same category ? 	in a store where most of the apps are free ? yes . 
i 'm usually not buying corporate arguments that easily , but microsoft 's reasoning , that they want to purge dated windows versions to save money on support , makes a lot of sense . 	it sounds like it could be both . this is the company that is going from windows 8 to windows 10 because of legacy support for a pair of twenty year old operating systems , after all . 
it 's been a long time since one had to worry about such a silly thing . 	every time you run windows update there is the potential to have to find a new crack . it does n't happen often , but it does happen . 
what about legit users with an oem license and no recovery partition or media ? i gave money to microsoft and now i 'm a pirate because i want to use the os i paid for ? 	what the fuck do you mean ? oem licenses get to upgrade for free as well , why are you considered a pirate ? 
bingo . it is a waste of time and money to try to prevent these pirated copies from upgrading because they would simply just pirate a copy of windows 10 . 	and then they would n't use the app store because they use a pirated copy , thus resulting in a double loss for ms . 
but if i then really liked the beer and donuts then i would probably buy them . like what i did with frozen and plan to do for cities : skyline . 	i bought skylines .  i did n't buy windows . 
figured i could get an eli5 , but a wiki page will do . 	you do n't have to sit down and read the entire thing , you know . you could have learned what it was by just spending 2 minutes reading the first paragraph . 
fuck windows . linux for life 	death to the infidel windows os ! 
this comment makes no sense . 	sorry , how was i not clear ?  many people no longer need a desktop pc . i question if anyone will need windows at all in the future . 
i miss the days where they just gave you a key . 	i miss the days where the key got rubbed off because you used a laptop .    why they never put it on the inside of the battery compartment , i have no idea . 
and then they would n't use the app store because they use a pirated copy , thus resulting in a double loss for ms . 	but uh , my friends windows 8 . 1 works on the app store . 
if something is free , you are the product . 	oh , retire that stupid phrase already . if i get something and they get something in return , it 's called a trade . 
because of that faster , better architecture stuff . that being said , i still run 7 . 	my win 8 laptop boots in seconds , and looks just like 7 . just need to replace the default utilities and you 'd never know 
looks like someone 's trying to get their app store up and running . 	well they 're going to get a ton of money from all these users buying the latest version of the office suite . 
i 'm not sure i 'd leave windows 7 still even if 10 was free . i 'm not a fan of apps and if anything i 'd rather go to linux than microsoft at this point . 	i was hesitant to go from 7 to 8 , but there 's really no reason not to . there 's no reason to use any of the new things introduced in 8 , and it runs a lot smoother . 
if you 're not paying for it , you 're not the customer . you 're the product being sold . 	ironically posted to the free service known as reddit . 
maybe he 's watching a movie in one ? or has his email open ? or a billion different things he could do ? 	i have three for games . but how do you pay attention to a movie and play a game at the same time . 
looks like someone 's trying to get their app store up and running . 	i 'm running debian , if windows 10 is free , i do n't want it . it 's just like win 8  
google gets a cut of every app purchase from the play store . 	they 're also the biggest advertising company in the world , more eyeballs more money for them . 
no , it 's microsoft giving up the fight against piracy and attempting to expose more people to its app store . 	definitely true , but why pirate when you can get something that serves the same purpose and is legal ? 
are n't google apps already in every single android phone ? what does google gain by selling nexus phones at a loss ? can you explain ? 	nothing , which is why the next nexus 6 is n't sold at a loss anymore . 
and then they would n't use the app store because they use a pirated copy , thus resulting in a double loss for ms . 	if you can pirate windows you can pirate an app . 
when the product is free , that means you are the product . bloatware to try to sell you stuff seems quite likely .   	it 's called the store ? 
google gets a cut of every app purchase from the play store . 	but what he was saying is would n't google be getting the same end result if a customer bought any android phone since they all have the play store ? 
win xp users can fax in and a horse drawn carriage will be dispatched to your house carrying the upgrade on your choice of 4500 floppy disks or a filing cabinet 's worth of cassette tapes . 	at this point even installation cds could be the punchline . 
well , prerelease software ? 	i edited my previous comment . it was there , they took that resize functionality out and put in something worse . 
i rarely use lotus on my laptop . it 's easier to send an email from gmail to my work account and forward it from the lotus app on my phone than sign on to the vpn and all that crap we use . 	if i did n't have to occasionally save important emails to act ! i would do just that .  everything is better when pumped through gmail . 
are n't google apps already in every single android phone ? what does google gain by selling nexus phones at a loss ? can you explain ? 	google gets a cut of every app purchase from the play store . 
is n't all software free for software pirates ? 	not if it has a dongle , costs too much and causes lots of technical issues because of it 
if they make windows a subscription based os , they will lose a ton of customers . i certainly would move to another os . 	coupled with the fact that linux has more mainstream support than ever , and support is only growing . it would literally be the stupidest thing they could do . 
i 'm usually not buying corporate arguments that easily , but microsoft 's reasoning , that they want to purge dated windows versions to save money on support , makes a lot of sense . 	are they spending a lot of money supporting people that have pirated copies ? 
were most of your employees victorian - era child laborers , too ? 	orphans owned by the state . 
every time you run windows update there is the potential to have to find a new crack . it does n't happen often , but it does happen . 	we found a pirate guys ! the lure worked , get him ! 
lol have you seen the amount of ads in free apps ? that 's where their profits are , google is an advertising company above anything else . 	well , yeah . you 're not the customer , you 're the product . 
why not just release it completely free then ? like what is the difference between a pirate and someone who does n't use windows ? they both did n't pay for a licence . 	so they can still charge companies like dell for licenses . 
my employer still runs lotus notes . 	i rarely use lotus on my laptop . it 's easier to send an email from gmail to my work account and forward it from the lotus app on my phone than sign on to the vpn and all that crap we use . 
is windows 10 going to be open source ? if not then linux will still have it beat imo . 	the vast majority of users do n't understand what open source is , let alone have the capacity to read the code itself . 
this is actually what i was hoping for . i was scared it was going to be more , honestly . 33 bucks for half is a steal . 	it feels a lot to me . there are a lot of other shows that provide better value for money for me . 
i honestly ca n't justify the price . i was very pleased with what i got with the origin but this feels like a slap in the face 	this is actually what i was hoping for . i was scared it was going to be more , honestly . 33 bucks for half is a steal . 
that 's a pretty hot one , i must admit . 	come on guys , you know you want to hit it . 
that looks a lot harder than it looks . 	- black science man 
how in the world did he get up without pedaling ?   	space ghost coast - to - coasting 
you sound really bitter . 	i really do n't taste that bad . trust me . 
it 's still a stupid name 	the name for entering the pedal is dumb , not the name of the pedal itself . 
where are those concrete dunes toward the end of the video ? 	that 's a roof of a large building . 
he could just leave his bike at home and enter foot races .  i 'm sure there 's a name for that but i ca n't remember what it is . 	pretty sure you 're thinking of nascar 
pretty sure you 're thinking of nascar 	we 're talking about sports here 
eli5 : why does that body suit have long sleeves , but short pant legs ? 	because you do n't have to pedal with your arms . 
those bikes are pretty light , he just jerks up on the handle bars and kind of hops up each step . 	most of it comes from the legs . basically jump and your bike comes with ya . 
that guy is pretty fast , he should just carry his bike for the whole race . 	he could just leave his bike at home and enter foot races .  i 'm sure there 's a name for that but i ca n't remember what it is . 
eli5 : why does that body suit have long sleeves , but short pant legs ? 	because your legs do n't get as hot as your arms when you 're using them to pedal through a race . 
eli5 : why does that body suit have long sleeves , but short pant legs ? 	probably so he does n't wear through the material that would be on his legs ? just a guess but i have killed many a pair of trousers this way on my bike . 
eli5 : why does that body suit have long sleeves , but short pant legs ? 	he 's moving his legs constantly through the rest of the race so they stay warm and week they were racing was miserably cold so long sleeves made sense .  source : i was there . 
curling is another great sport if you wish to get drunk and enjoy shenanigans . 	i feel like bowling and darts are other obvious ones . 
did you seriously steal my comment ? 	i stole your comment . 
pretty sure you 're thinking of nascar 	remember to turn left !   
eli5 : why does that body suit have long sleeves , but short pant legs ? 	because it just does , now finish eating your food and then go tidy your room . 
eh , i 'll take marino over manning for boat .  btw , hardly anyone discusses boat for some reason .   	are n't they the same thing ? 
mostly because we all realize the argument for brady over manning will is as strong as it ever will be .  also , i do have a soft spot after watching that manning being cut conference .   	oh god right ? you 'd have to be an inhuman monster to not feel for the dude in that video 
says who ? i do n't know why people are so quick to write off manning after having a bad second half to a season while injured . 	its hard enough winning the super bowl but the stars all lined up for them 2 years ago and they did n't capitalize . i do n't think they are as dominate as they were then . 
brady wo n't retire until his son beats him in the super bowl . 	twist : his son is the qb of the giants 
you do n't think they 're already evaluating coaching talent for when bill retires ? bill will probably assist in the process . 	even if he picks the next hc out himself , the replacement is probably not going to be bb - quality 
i disagree . the organization is too well run . these days may never come again but we wo n't be the jets either , even in the short term . 	hey man , the patriots are indeed a very well run organization , but you 're a bit delusional if you think you can just find another bb . 
i 'll fight every pats fan on this page over this comment . and i 'm not even regular season drunk ! 	how about a packers fan ? i do n't see the broncos winning a super bowl this year , and i do n't think peyton plays after this season . 
top 10 ? that 's it ? as it is , i think brady 's already the best to play and manning 's without a doubt top 5 . 	rodgers could surpass manning easily .  depending on who you put ahead marino or manning ahead .   
interesting . i wonder if they want a black viking . i 'd totally go to ireland for that ! 	if it is for a large crowd shot they probably would n't care too much . 
why poetry ?  edit : to clarify , i do n't understand why you titled it as such 	we had to back up a artists poetry reading . making sounds and such 
not yet , currently in the process of building 	any idea how long until you 'll have one ? if you 're close my friend and i will help you build . 
does you clan have a trading center ? 	not yet , currently in the process of building 
wow . translation machines are bed . 	japanese to english auto translation is notoriously bad . 
mate , the fact that you could even attempt to translate from one non - native language to another is fucking amazing . 	or maybe he just used google translate and filled in the gaps with other translations . if you open up 5 different translation programs then you can get a pretty clear translation . 
i think they might think we 're completely serious and want to fuck sharks . 	if shark bits are anything like dolphin bits , then you 've got yourself a deal . 
i would n't say it is hard for a person . it is just that sentence structures are n't 1 to 1 . 	exactly . translation is n't the issue . it 's interpreting the meaning of the sentence . that 's something that more often than not needs a human touch . 
do n't disrupt it ! now keep jerking the person to your right . 	do n't look that guy in the eye you 're jerking of either ! 
the balls on that thing , fuck 	if the balls are that big , how big is the dick ? 
definitely going to hold on to it for as long as i can . i thought i 'd lost it actually , but it recently turned up when my mother moved house . 	when we move house my stuff gets chucked . this is an example of something i lost .  i enjoyed this book when i was younger , can honestly say i never saw race in it . 
wish i was n't busy all night . doubt any bottles will be left . 	i do n't think they 'll be selling bottles at jack rose . 
hard reset meaning hardware reset . 	he can probably just get by with formatting the storage card . 
there is no way there were any players at that table who were worse than you . not a chance . 	damn internet kids do n't have a clue how to play real poker 
it says only 1 - million people have lived life in ever 	not sure how you missed the big chart on page four where is says 106 billion . 
meh , so what ? this is the first time i 've seen it , and i thought it was really funny . people reuse jokes all the time . 	nah man , you know the rules , you can only say a joke once and then it 's over 
when you 're with your daughter 's girl scout troop selling cookies ? 	as long as you pour into a glass , i think you 're fine . 
sorry for not understanding , but if he makes 200 grand a year , how is he out cash and have to rely on food stamp now ? 	the video said it had been 3 years since he had been employed . also people tend to live to their means , and if you have a big mortgage and high end car payments things can go south very fast . 
chick - fil - a should offer him a job working the window . 	he 'd be lucky to manage a cinnabon in omaha . 
kinda the odd one out in this class . 	odd , but equally stunning and super clean 
are those brake pads for ants ? 	for a small italian two seater , the rear break pads do n't need to be that big . 
sadly this wasnt even in the city really . it was on a suburban road with a bike lane . when i lived in baltimore i used to frequently take this route . 	bike lanes are built primarily for the convenience of drivers , not cyclists . 
awesome ! they are open and it sounds like an awesome way to spend sunday afternoon . thanks . 	going to be super crowded since its free , fyi 
does n't make a difference , it should work fine , i believe . 	ok , ill turn the computer off and try that now , but i do believe the 5 pins are smaller so the thing wont fit but whatever be right back . 
what a weird game . and the hornets dont look like a team who has to win all the games to have a shot at the playoffs 	we are missing 3 out of 5 starters to injury . we are n't good enough to supplement them and still do well . 
i 'm not .  gotta say it was really good game to watch though .  edit : reworded 	they only beat him once . anderson was in last week 
we gained experience for our young core too , by making it ti the post season and being humiliated by boston . but i digress . 	good for you . one playoff appearance in a decade followed up by the worst collapse in playoff history . the future is bright for you guys i guess . 
it was a good run boys . no more games in hand and 2 behind . doubtful now . but fuck it was fun ! 	2 behind the team we play next ? we 're not done . 
totally ridiculous and most likely untrue but i really feel as though ryan cost us that game . 	he has no confidence right now . he is playing hard but making bad decisions . 
haha sure do . leafs blew it big .  but how does that compare to the sharks and bruins leading their series 3 - 0 only to lose ? especially in the case of the bruins who lead game 7 3 - 0 . 	4 - 1 lead . 10 minutes to go in game 7 . that 's a done deal , unless you pull off the ultimate choke job . 
they play like its their stanley cup final . 	it 's bullshit .  they should try to actually make it into the playoffs instead of acting like ruining our shit is the real prize . despicable . 
i 'm not .  gotta say it was really good game to watch though .  edit : reworded 	the wild and rangers . 
remember when it was 4 - 1 with 10 minutes to go ? 	haha sure do . leafs blew it big .  but how does that compare to the sharks and bruins leading their series 3 - 0 only to lose ? especially in the case of the bruins who lead game 7 3 - 0 . 
ok , i 'll send you a link to the docs in a while , and lemme know what you can provide 	there were connection problems on my end , sorry . 
even though it 's pictured without a front brake i 'm pretty sure it comes with one . if not you 'll have no issues mounting a standard front brake . 	it comes with only a rear brake and drilled for front brake , so you can definitely install a front brake no problem . 
perfect , thank you !  edit : is it easy enough to mount a set of front brakes on the kilo ? 	even though it 's pictured without a front brake i 'm pretty sure it comes with one . if not you 'll have no issues mounting a standard front brake . 
yeah man 15 mins is time wasted that could be spent playing computer games ! 	hell , you can play computer games while cutting you hair . think about it . 
does pirates count ? 	i 'm de captain now . 
how many bare asses do you see on a daily basis ? 	do n't you judge me ! 
speak for yourself i just shave all mine off , aint nobody got time for hair . 	people with above average brain activity cannot have hair or head wear . brain gets overheated . 
do people not have mirrors in their bathrooms now ? 	my bathroom at home actually does n't have a mirror . even if it did , i do n't think i would look at it . 
i do n't think people stand in front of mirrors admiring themselves all day . 	speak for yourself ! 
my bathroom at home actually does n't have a mirror . even if it did , i do n't think i would look at it . 	so you would just close your eyes everytime you use the sink ? 
i do n't want to give people more reasons to concede their rank down to 20 and stomp beginners . 	rewards for 500 legendary wins with x class ? or maybe just r5 since its already very competitive . 
well , he obviously made people laugh , so it must be funny to someone . no need to get offended by jokes on the internet . 	i 'm not really offended , just calling him out for making a joke in bad taste . but that 's what happens to popular subreddits , right ? respect goes out the window . 
sorry , not a clue . any other canadians here happen to know ?  edit : canadians have responded , unfortunately it looks as though you guys are out of luck at the moment 	canadian here , garmin pilot is not available to us . 
if u sell it fast and i still got it , deal : d 	i 'm trying so hard lol 
i 'd pay good money for a pepe rarer than that 	have you seen the markets lately ? jesus man , that 's by far the most valuable of pepes 
a few sentences in and my auto - pilot triggers . after reaching the end of the page i have n't the slightest what just happened . 	this was a massive problem for me , particularly during the middle of the book . but i finished it and i can understand why people like it . 
i still need to get around to reading blood meridian . started it twice but fell of both times . found it a bit hard to read . 	a few sentences in and my auto - pilot triggers . after reaching the end of the page i have n't the slightest what just happened . 
i still need to get around to reading blood meridian . started it twice but fell of both times . found it a bit hard to read . 	i think the book is a crock of shit , but other people love it . like any book , it 's not for everyone . 
i still need to get around to reading blood meridian . started it twice but fell of both times . found it a bit hard to read . 	it 's a pain in the ass to read but it has a truly great ending . then you think back about it and you want to read it all over again . 
well instead of going to hang out with my friends at an event we 've been planning for months i 'm stuck at home with a fever and a puppy who shat all over the living room .  so not great . 	aw sorry to hear that , hope you feel better 
pretty good ! i 'm 6 hours into a 13 hour work day , but it 's an easy enough file . 	thats good , hope you have an awesome night 
i 'm sure you 'd get a lot of time on the field . 	i was always picked last for sports because people were n't ready for my revolutionary ideas . 
does anyone else find it a bit embarrassing that the left refuses to support this issue ? 	the right is not exactly falling all over themselves to take it seriously either , but i take your point . 
great to see . the wsj is very mainstream , so this will reach a lot of people , and hopefully make them think . 	agreed . although i 'm still disappointed with their coverage of the ellen pao lawsuit which was as sympathetic to her cause as most other mainstream news media was . 
this passive investor will double down and buy more all the way to the bottom and back up again . 	double down with what . the passive investor will be fully invested with only emergency cash on hand .  lowering your avg buy in price slightly but certainly not doubling up in any sense . 
i was wrong . sorry to waste your time . 	no problem .  hope you can use investment to make money and not gamble .  come back with your own evidence any time and change my mind . 
sounds too easy . why do n't mutual fund managers use this strategy and beat the market every year ? 	yes , it is easy . but lack of knowledge in that domain tries to make everyone believe options are risky . i ca n't understand how reducing your cost basis is consisted as risky . 
still waiting on that evidence . you can show everyone you know what you 're talking about and stop this bullshit artistry . 	i 'm . not . sending . you . shit . 
i 'm pretty sure wild hogs have no restrictions currently . 	different rules for nuisance animals , most of them have no season and no bag limit . 
he said english is his 3rd language . mistakes happen when you speak many languages , stop nitpicking . 	so we ca n't better ourselves ? he has to be poor at english all his life because according to you people ca n't point out each others mistakes in order to improve ? 
that 'll only work if your plan is to give me a rock hard erection . 	that was the goal . 
i agree , let 's hoof it out of here before the puns get out of control . 	deer god its started ! 
i 'll fuck you up so bad your death will make an isis beheading video look like charlie in the fucking chocolate factory . 	no you wo n't . you are n't powerful enough to stop me . if you had the balls to poach on my land you 'd be toothless and bloody in about 5 minutes . i 'd probably shoot your windows out too . 
i 'll gouge your eyes out with a grapefruit spoon . 	i 'll force you to drink my salty taint juice 
cheney did n't mistake a person for game , he did n't check what was behind his shot . 	the more i think about it , the more i wonder if he did n't just simply hit his intended target . 
so is the exit wound of the bullet ? i get the massive hole but i dont get the ripping around the hole . was the force so great that it split the skin open like that ? 	 so what looks like ripping is just the result of the hospital doing its job and leaving a wound with nice neat edges that will heal properly . 
 so what looks like ripping is just the result of the hospital doing its job and leaving a wound with nice neat edges that will heal properly . 	awesome thanks for the reply ! i was trying to figure out a bullet had done all of that and could n't . now back to the dick cheney jokes i guess ? 
hunting an animal out of season even on private property is by law poaching with fines and possible jail time as punishment . 	its a felony so yeah . id be eating wild turkey and deer all year if it was true . 
be careful , i 'll be armed . 	i 'll fuck you up so bad your death will make an isis beheading video look like charlie in the fucking chocolate factory . 
you have to be one stupid fuck to mistake a human for a deer . probably just blasted at a noise at either dawn or dusk . 	just shoot into the bushes if you hear something . ca n't go home empty handed . 
so we ca n't better ourselves ? he has to be poor at english all his life because according to you people ca n't point out each others mistakes in order to improve ? 	no , i never said that . your comment came off as rude when there was no reason to be . 
you have to be one stupid fuck to mistake a human for a deer . probably just blasted at a noise at either dawn or dusk . 	no one has ever shot at a noise while hunting lol this is n't looney tunes . 
so you 're saying dick cheney is a stupid fuck ? 	cheney did n't mistake a person for game , he did n't check what was behind his shot . 
that was the goal . 	well , you 've achieved your goal . what 's next mate ? 
i do n't understand how this happens . when i shoot i know it 's a deer . you do n't just shoot at stuff moving in the woods when you 're deer hunting . 	people get stupid at the end of the season , more stupid if its the end of rifle season . 
you have to be one stupid fuck to mistake a human for a deer . probably just blasted at a noise at either dawn or dusk . 	so you 're saying dick cheney is a stupid fuck ? 
you ca n't play as quan chi ? 	the opponents in arcade do n't use alternate costumes 
you 're kidding . i could never pull off fatalities in this game . but that ca n't be it ! right ? 	yup , that is the legit , official fatality for quan chi . 
damnit , i was just going to post this . sure it 's an awful fatality but to be fair it would hurt like hell . 	i can almost guarantee you that in real life this would kill someone ; however , in the context of a game that involves everyone being punched by superman , it 's pathetic . 
you just made me feel like a first - class douchebag . i 'll be keeping my vote to myself now . 	hey do n't worry , i 'm a fan of the traditional uniforms myself . but i also enjoy the new - schools so it 's all balanced . 
everyone hated the navy blue jerseys . the new jerseys are imo the best in the league . when they wear the blue jerseys with the blue pants it looks awesome 	sammy looked too fresh with the all blue uni and red gloves . 
everyone hated the navy blue jerseys . the new jerseys are imo the best in the league . when they wear the blue jerseys with the blue pants it looks awesome 	not for me i like all navy blue jerseys with the red outline to match the red bills helmet . those were the best jerseys in the nfl at that time imo . 
is that from the actual tom brady from the tourneys ? i picked up a shit ton of johnny cage combos from him 	yeah it is . he just posted some great guides on sub zero too 
for my money , put me on a plane - just not with any musicians . 	screaming babies is my worst nightmare on an airplane .  the last time i was on an airplane , it was clearly older then i was . that was only upsetting because i had no ac power for my laptop . 
the answer is very safe . airplanes are safer now than they ever have been . 	for my money , put me on a plane - just not with any musicians . 
yeah , i 'm still holding it together . ca n't trade the real thing for that crap . 	too true . would n't even trade a kiss for a wank , let alone sex . 
i 've been using private trackers for a while now . much more reliable . 	how do you use them though ? i thought they just tell you when there 's a scene release so you can find it on a regular torrent site . 
or just give rag more health . i do n't see how anyone could actually design that card and give rag only 8 hp . 	perhaps 8 health and 8 armor ? if it also did n't lose your current armor that would be really good in control warrior . probably too good to be honest 
illidan is n't great , but majordomo is on a special tier of bad that no other card in the game has . 	there is going to be players who make it their sole purpose in life to make majordomo win games . 
they should just allow armor to stay on transformations . would make for another cool legend option in cw . 	or honestly a super cool easy way to do it .   deathrattle : become ragnaros at the beginning of your next turn .  viable for all classes with that change . 
i wish i got pay outs for setup missions . 	i 'm at a quiz that was supposed to end that long ago but 25 mins away max 
that 's my whiskey of choice too ! great and full of smoke 	nice choices of headphones too . 
i know lots of texas state grads ! most who now work at starbucks in austin . job outlook : dicey at best edit : same for any audio program i guess 	did they actively work through college ? look for jobs and try to get employment as soon as possible ? 
i know lots of texas state grads ! most who now work at starbucks in austin . job outlook : dicey at best edit : same for any audio program i guess 	unless you consider electronic engineering an audio program . audio is like the playground of electronics geeks because at frequencies that low most stuff just works . 
i know lots of texas state grads ! most who now work at starbucks in austin . job outlook : dicey at best edit : same for any audio program i guess 	you get out what you put in . 
i was thinking the same , thanks for the unbiased opinion and support . i 'll definitely keep pursuing this . 	good luck . this is way beyond a dead bedroom problem , this is her whole life . i hope she can find the courage to begin to heal . 
wait so they sell sandwiches too ? 	we have a place in central ny called all fed up and it is connected to a smoke shop called all mixed up , awesome sandwiches . 
that 's because only certain people should use the n - word . 	which should be zero people really lol . but i get its now morphed into cultural expression . 
i could n't agree more . i do n't see how you can propose an argument for equality if you subscribe to such a blatant double standard . 	i keep my woman in line ! she pays . 
no .  but it is extremely well - known that the reason he has n't been on a roster is because he refuses to play any non - qb position . 	okay . so what does it change about what i said ? bradford is still the starting qb and if tebow would really only sign on as a qb he 's probably getting cut before the season starts . 
you honestly believe tebow is a starting qb ? 	no .  but it is extremely well - known that the reason he has n't been on a roster is because he refuses to play any non - qb position . 
as far as i know it 's legal . 	thanks i was jw . it would be like the funnest thing to watch if they had a mariota and tebow backfield . or maybe it would n't be . 
which part of that was funny ? 	i 've seen him at smith 's old bar a few times . he 's actually extremely funny 
i 've seen him at smith 's old bar a few times . he 's actually extremely funny 	i 'm sure he does have some funny material . 
which part of that was funny ? 	the part where he said he drove to stone mountain to take his buddy home and there was no one in the car . 
heading there in july . get out early . better yet tell everyone that it 's fake and actually a chuck e cheese location . 	either get there early or later in the after noon . between 9 - 2 , there 's absolutely no parking and you 'll be doing the 5 mile circle waiting for someone to leave . 
i 've heard it 's extremely popular and crowded in the summer . is this true ? 	while i have n't been there in the summer it was fairly crowded during spring break , does n't really remove from the experience much though 
to be honest where i live the cost of housing has gone up quite a bit . if you really want to live here though i hope that does n't stop you . colorado really is fantastic . 	yeah . its more expensive but still considerably cheaper than my city . 
please do n't mention it more ! the front range is already starting to feel crowded as someone who has lived here their whole life . i want to keep it a secret dammit . 	find a way to move to the mountains ! best decision i ever made . 
home state mentioned , swell with pride 	i 'm bothered by colorado not being mentioned more than it already is . colorado is the san fernando valley of earth porn . 
i 've heard it 's extremely popular and crowded in the summer . is this true ? 	yes . on a bad day you will have to wait on parking . 
oh , we went back there and stood under the waterfall . i did n't realize you could see the lake from there . 	you ca n't . you have to go off trail to stand where this photo was taken . 
i was n't saying it was the best one , i was just pointing out that it had most of the things on that list .  california is sort of like the walmart of states - it has a lot of different things . 	it is , do n't get me wrong it 's a gorgeous state and has the distinction of having the second largest city in the us . but it is also a large so that helps . 
everything else , sure . beaches ? not really , no . 	i 'm from a shitty part of the gulf and moved to colorado . i never knew a nice beach and now i could care less . 
and we exercise and stay fit , unlike most of the us . 	speak for you and your statistical majority pal , i 'm eating a mac n cheese calzone from blackjack and scratching my balls . 
and denver is like the jerusalem of breakfast foods . 	if you are talking about a denver omelette it is not a big deal in colorado . i do n't know a great place to get it . 
aussie here . i ca n't decide which of the 50 states i want to visit ! 	the answer is always california , esp for an aussie 
this place is magical . i do n't think i 'll ever leave colorado . 	aussie here . i ca n't decide which of the 50 states i want to visit ! 
i 'm bothered by colorado not being mentioned more than it already is . colorado is the san fernando valley of earth porn . 	please do n't mention it more ! the front range is already starting to feel crowded as someone who has lived here their whole life . i want to keep it a secret dammit . 
are you coming from the east or west ? 	driving from iowa , so east . 
so chronicles : china is probably going to be similar to the original assassin 's creed . ubisoft might use it to test the waters . 	they 've already announced india and russia games for later in the year 
omg chill . obviously i was n't being serious . what kind of weird satisfaction do you get from working yourself up over jokes ? 	funny , i was just about to ask you the same . 
thought i did n't need to put it in the serious category - i thought retards like you would realise i was n't looking for stupid answers 	do n't be gay and try it . you will quickly realize that my method works . 
try the animal humane society in st paul . they frequently have kittens and you can volunteer there too . 	agree with this , i 've had a good experience adopting from here . i 've checked out the feline rescue a few times and been told some rediculous stuff about their adoption conditions . 
golden valley ahs is amazing . i work at a vet clinic and we get so many animals from those guys and they generally all check out great ! 	i got two used kitties at this location , very clean and friendly . 
get pissed at something that matters ? i 'm sorry , i thought pvp was a huge focus of these games . as it what kept the games life span so long . 	excuse me . bad day , old chap . need to relax my titties . to put it less douchey , you ca n't change the bugs by getting angry . keep trying , people are experiencing better pvp everyday . 
the thing is the apple watch charger is able to change the moto 360 , leading one to believe that apple is in fact using the qi charging standard . 	well , i sit corrected . i apologize . do you have a link or source ? 
yeah sure thing my man .  thats what i would have been saying if i had my apple watch ! 	do n't worry timmy 's dad , it will come 
whoah that works ? will give it a try .  funny how you 're a fast rolling madman , but get on and off ladders like an elderly gent . 	i have you tried sprinting up and down on a ladder ? most people have missed that . 
please top fighting it , you will never break my love ! 	what the hell kind of bot is this ? 
new york fan living in the boston area . want to trade ? 	you guys have it easy . i 'm yankees fan living in philly . terrible nl baseball and crazy , puke first , ask questions later fans . 
you guys have it easy . i 'm yankees fan living in philly . terrible nl baseball and crazy , puke first , ask questions later fans . 	that sucks , and the yankees only play there every 6 years . being a yankees fan in boston or vice versa would n't be so bad because at least you can see your team play live all the time . 
it would have been fine if the safety bars were set up properly . you do n't need a spotter if the bars are working the way they should . 	so because my car has an airbag in it , i do n't need to wear my seatbelt ?    it 's always better to be safe than sorry in my book . 
ok , i think i 've benched more than that . we 're fine here , people . 	cool , but how much have you dropped on your throat ? 
how much weight is that ? i 've never seen those kind of plates for bench . 	140 kg weight plates and 20 kg bar . 
oooo . that was painful to watch . lucky he weights were n't secured to the bar . 	you missed a pain in the neck joke . 
an established fact that you ca n't find a source on ? k 	anyone who understands the body knows that turning the head while benching will weaken the lift . 
the safety rack 's height would 've been fine if the bar did n't fall in that stupidly placed gap . 	i do n't understand the safety rack on the bench press . does n't it limit your ability to touch your chest with the bar if the safety rack is there ? 
i 'm just being realistic . in the weightlifting world , that 's not very much . 	it 's completely relative to the person doing the lifting . 
when you 're benching that much weight , you should always have a spotter . 	not really , he messed up by using safety bars that are not exactly tied into the actual bench so it slipped through . you can bench in a power rack or a squat stand pretty safely 
you have to touch chest in competition . the guy in the video attends powerlifting competitions on an amateur level . 	i was talking about doing the bench press in general , not about competitions since i do n't know the rules for them . 
you do n't have to . what 's the point ? being a cm off your chest is n't going to be detrimental to the exercise . 	if he 's training for full rom or powerlifting , then yes , he has to . 
oooo . that was painful to watch . lucky he weights were n't secured to the bar . 	spot on . 
people complain about youtube comments all the time , i find alot of them hilarious . 	they used to be quite good . the 2 top comments that made everyone laugh . then youtube changed dramatically and people do n't comment so much anymore 
the only thing you 've proven is that you require validation and that you 're a fucking child in a man 's body . get over yourself 	or that i 'm not 400 lbs , as you stated . i bet that really pisses you off . i like how you edited your post , hahaha . you are so embarrassed right now , are n't you ? 
why is the safety rack so low ? why is n't it set up correctly ? why did n't he have a spotter with that much weight ? this could 've been do much worse . 	the safety rack 's height would 've been fine if the bar did n't fall in that stupidly placed gap . 
oh sorry my bad , now i remember about your offer !  i will add 100 keys max ! 	thats 250 keys . isnt that a bit low ? 
calm down , public school 	yes ma 'am i did go to public school . that 's where we learn to tear bitches a new one ; d 
it 's forced and unfunny . i could n't care less about the op getting his answer , he got that thread in the end . i just think shit like this is cringy and stupid . 	there was another thread made with a serious tag , just so you know . 
wait who is this dude ? 	the main dayz dev , i believe . aka , the guy who would n't be rich if dayz started as a premium mod . 
pretty rich coming from the guy who is only known today for a free mod . 	i think that 's the most fucked up part of it all , he became a millionaire because of a free mod . he would still be working a shitty job if he had tried to introduce dayz as a paid mod . 
police : scary .  groups of militia nuts roaming the streets hunting other human beings : not scary . 	dont forget :  black people : scary 
shockingly , people psychotic enough to do something like that tend to be a little lacking in social skills needed to work in a cohesive group . 	their lack of empathy can prove a powerful binding factor . 
i 've never played noble knights , what rarity are most of the archetype - specific cards ? 	anywhere between platinum and secret . they all got reprints except noble knight brothers . 
reapproved , someone removed this post from the front page and i dunno who 	tnx man . u da best 
for the or u21 can i put a birthday that makes me 21 and will the issue date be correct ? 	i would like to know this . the issue date needs to be before you turn 21 , and my review copy from him was not like this . i 'd like to know if he fixed it . 
he 's a man who legally punches people for a living . 	i wish i could legally punch people for a living . 
can you elaborate ?  darker skin tones ? eye colour ? hair colouring ? personality and sense of humour ? what ?  and compared to whom ? 	sure . yes , i 've noticed that the welsh have darker skin tones , eye color , and hair color . i 'm comparing them to other northern europeans . 
well when you have so much class and support from the best fans in baseball you can really put together a team effort and do things the cardinal way . we just play the game the right way . 	reading that makes me rage so bad inside and want to murder entire countries . 
at least the giants have the decency to suck really hard on the years they do n't make it to the ws so they can give other teams in their division a chance on the odd years ! 	maybe they do n't like losing in the playoffs . they 'd rather watch their rival lose . 
well when you have so much class and support from the best fans in baseball you can really put together a team effort and do things the cardinal way . we just play the game the right way . 	how does the patriot way compare to the cardinal way ? 
giants win on even years , cardinals win on odd years , that 's how it goes right ? 	no , giants win every year a new taylor swift album comes out . 
well when you have so much class and support from the best fans in baseball you can really put together a team effort and do things the cardinal way . we just play the game the right way . 	bravo , dude . i absolutely hated reading that . 
great , i just had this huge high after watching a great episode of raw tonight . and now i see this . 	would you say that you have and will a mets fan forever ? 
well when you have so much class and support from the best fans in baseball you can really put together a team effort and do things the cardinal way . we just play the game the right way . 	well let 's be honest , the cardinal way and the right way are really the same thing 
great , i just had this huge high after watching a great episode of raw tonight . and now i see this . 	ayy bb , at least your pitching staff is terrifying 
well when you have so much class and support from the best fans in baseball you can really put together a team effort and do things the cardinal way . we just play the game the right way . 	the best fans in baseball run on the field in a coordinated effort to disrupt the game now ? idk about that bro 
i know the cardinals are a good baseball team and well - run organization , and kudos to them for their sustained success .  does n't mean i 'm not getting sick of this shit year after year . 	i know how you feel . i am rooting for everyone that plays the hawks . 
i do n't follow racing either , just the indy . are you folks camping , staying in a hotel , or just coming in for the race ? 	just coming . for the race . we are waking up ungodly early , going to indy , watching the race , and going back to stl . one helluva day . 
i know the cardinals are a good baseball team and well - run organization , and kudos to them for their sustained success .  does n't mean i 'm not getting sick of this shit year after year . 	my girlfriend is a cardinals fan . baseball season is a trying time for our relationship . 
basically . the point is , you can find some serious racism all over the midwest . a cubs fan who thinks there 's no racism in chicago is delusional 	oops . i misread your original comment as suburbs in the southern us for some reason . 
try living in central il where half the fans here genuinely believe this . 	does il have a professional baseball team ? i thought there was one on the south side of chicago . 
i feel like that game summed up the past 107 years of cubs baseball . 	sums up the last 25 years of cards baseball , too .   
i feel that the gripes against hack - a - player should also be applied to the way harden draws fouls on his drives . the only difference is that his free throws go in . both break up the action . 	i assume most people who hate the hacking strategy also hate when people draw fouls . i certainly do . people generally find harden boring and dislike his reliance on foul shooting . 
this is the weakest argument . just because it 's a part of basketball does n't mean it 's a good part . rules change all the time to make the game better , so why not this ? 	you know what is easier to change going and practicing your free throws . it will be much harder to convince the owners and coaches to get rid of it . 
i feel that the gripes against hack - a - player should also be applied to the way harden draws fouls on his drives . the only difference is that his free throws go in . both break up the action . 	the difference is that there was actually an offensive play before his fouls , fouling 90 ft away from the basket just is n't basketball imo . 
intentional fouls are definitely a part of basketball and always have been . 	the point is that your not trying to play basketball when intentionally fouling away from the ball . 
intentional fouls are definitely a part of basketball and always have been . 	having played basketball in middle and highschool i can defiantly say fouls are part of it . even if you 've never played just watch the last 2 minutes of an nba game . 
the rule is states you must get off the court if you keep breaking the rules . seems like they do n't you to do that . can you explain how breaking the rules is a part of basketball ? 	players can foul out , you know . that is a thing . 
i feel that the gripes against hack - a - player should also be applied to the way harden draws fouls on his drives . the only difference is that his free throws go in . both break up the action . 	there is a lot more basketball going on with a drive to the basket vs an off ball foul 80 yards away from the basket . 
way to be an asshole , considering i never gave my input either way . i was simply asking him what gave him the right to define things like that for everyone else . 	you were simply twisting his words to call him intolerant for making a simple argument . 
lets face it is a part of basketball , and another part of basketball is making your free throws . 	this is the weakest argument . just because it 's a part of basketball does n't mean it 's a good part . rules change all the time to make the game better , so why not this ? 
good , he should n't have to change anything . players need to learn how to shoot them . if they ca n't and another team abuses this , they get pulled out of the game . i am sick of this topic 	i like silver a little bit more every time i hear him speak about the nba 's top issues . he 's a smart guy who seems to think along the same lines as most of the loyal fanbase . 
the intentional foul part is not basketball . 	it is , there 's even a rule for it . 
you were simply twisting his words to call him intolerant for making a simple argument . 	i did n't twist his words . wtf ? i literally quoted his comment word for word . 
lets face it is a part of basketball , and another part of basketball is making your free throws . 	the intentional foul part is not basketball . 
good , he should n't have to change anything . players need to learn how to shoot them . if they ca n't and another team abuses this , they get pulled out of the game . i am sick of this topic 	rules changes are a part of the sport . if you ca n't deal with it stop following basketball . i am sick of this ignorant short sighted opinion . 
yeah , there was post last week sometime comparing the differences between the two , i believe . 	so what was the word were the clones any good or complete garbage ? 
thanks for your reply . i would guess you do not wear heels very often ? 	only for very special occasions , even then if possible i aim for open toe and shorter heels . 
the answer : it depends . 	the question : do i feel lucky ? 
if you decide ek , it is much better with wands and witch start . 	due to the spell damage passives , or what ? 
sounds very boring to play , props for wanting to play it to help your friends though . 	it 's kinda fun . mostly cause everyone wants you in their group xd 
oh so your headline was you just making shit up ? 	yeah op is a retard . 
oh so your headline was you just making shit up ? 	tbh i just straight fucked up . it was n't in the article but i thought i had seen before that the two were linked . deleted the post . my bad . 
i prefer to treat mine with low volume music or at the very least white noise . kind of ironic , as i 'm still in my early 20s and here i am listening to loud music . 	i used to listen to pink noise a lot , it does mask the noise very well . never tried white noise , pink noise feel like or fits the bill better but whatever works . 
i used to listen to pink noise a lot , it does mask the noise very well . never tried white noise , pink noise feel like or fits the bill better but whatever works . 	never heard of pink noise , what is that ? 
i prefer to treat mine with low volume music or at the very least white noise . kind of ironic , as i 'm still in my early 20s and here i am listening to loud music . 	frogs man . frogs . try it . 
hopefully one day there 's a treatment . i honestly ca n't remember what true silence is anymore 	i do n't think i ever heard true silence except in the middle of a major ear injury . even at the age of 3 my earliest memories were trying to sleep and hearing a faint high pitched sound . 
if that sign is in a red neck area why is n't it covered in bullet holes ? 	no time to shoot it . too busy chasing his cousin around the double wide . 
been to ny and la , the murder implications are still there . the joking is n't . 	not with a legally owned gun in ny though . 
he ai n't got time for your problems , he 's busy with korean shit ! 	ah . grinding pvz like a boss ! 
what 's with jesus freaks and mma ? 	going into combat sports and loving god often have the same root cause - being poor . 
am i the only person who just could n't get through dune ? i tried reading it , i tried an audiobook , just could n't get into it . 	i could see it not being everyone 's cup of tea , it is very political and really gets into the mental processes of the characters . but i liked knowing why everyone did what they did . 
am i the only person who just could n't get through dune ? i tried reading it , i tried an audiobook , just could n't get into it . 	i read the whole first book because it was pretty short but nothing stood out about it and it was n't a very enjoyable read for me . 
its pretty reasonable when you consider shaw cost closer to 30 million . 	shaw is visibly a bigger talent . there 's a reason clyne was n't part of last summer 's exodus . not that he 's bad or anything , but he 's not got much in his repertoire either . 
just looking at him now he has never had anything but minor injuries , at 25 that 's pretty good . what are the chances of united actually getting him though ? 	very good ! watch his scout nation video it 's good . 
a factory reset did n't fix it ? uninstall secondary camera apps and see if that changes anything 	a factory reset would have cleared any 3rd party apps . anyway , the problem started happening before i installed any 3rd party camera . 
i do n't think it 's quite the same hiatus if it 's between seasons 	rick and morty has been in a hiatus for a year . 
and when no one will want to sponsor them , then they wonder where they went wrong . 	and blame is on patriarchy , because they thrive on being victims rather than accepting responsibility . 
any non - american white people have the possibility of being schrodinger 's poc . example : the spanish , probably because tumblr thinks they look like mexicans . 	its funny because all of the spanish people i know are even whiter than i am , and i 'm a sheet of paper . 
no they do n't . have you ever been to nebraska ? 	its just full of corn , cows , and hate . 
its just full of corn , cows , and hate . 	not even people though , there 's no room with all the corn . 
its just full of corn , cows , and hate . 	i know you are joking but it kinda hurt . wow i 'm turning into one of them . i never get offended . hmm .  from nebraska obv . 
if i have learned anything from history , it 's that the romans were great at being assholes to everyone that was n't them 	to be fair , every civilization in history has had this mindset . 
they are intended to fill the role of the old netbook class - web surfing , non - super - hd video , writing , perhaps a casual game every now and then , and all while being easy to carry . 	could it handle old pc games off of steam ? i 'm thinking like age of empire 1 , starcraft , snes - emulator type games . 
could it handle old pc games off of steam ? i 'm thinking like age of empire 1 , starcraft , snes - emulator type games . 	it does n't run windows , so no . it 's an internet - only device . i use it in conjunction with an always - on windows 8 . 1 server that i rdp into when office online does n't cut it . 
could it handle old pc games off of steam ? i 'm thinking like age of empire 1 , starcraft , snes - emulator type games . 	it 's more for office use than anything . i think google is just trying to get more butts in the seats . 
are you seriously falling for that dad joke ? so when apple is launching a new iphone , you think they are selling 1 unit of the new phone ? 	huh , wow , i have to admit i did fall for that . oh well . 
could it handle old pc games off of steam ? i 'm thinking like age of empire 1 , starcraft , snes - emulator type games . 	i doubt it , based on a chromebook i used for work . 
could it handle old pc games off of steam ? i 'm thinking like age of empire 1 , starcraft , snes - emulator type games . 	you can dual boot with ubuntu and download steam off the linux software center . 
fair enough . i could n't work with the tiles . i 'm looking forward to 10 though .  edit : thanks for the suggestions guys . i may have to look into intel atoms 	i dual - boot windows 8 and linux , and i have n't seen a tile in months . a quick 10 - minute tweak makes it behave pretty much exactly like windows 7 . 
do n't talk to your father like that ! 	shut up mom ! 
they 'll need to manufacture a lot more than two of them . 	not if they 'll launch them into space . 
how useful is it without wifi ? for instance , can i just download some pdfs to read and type a paper in the park ? 	yeah thats what the built in storage is for , or you can use the sd slot . i watch movies on mine when i car camp since the battery life is so good 
and if we 're talking pictures and video , you could just use flickr which offers 1tb of space for free . 	that 's good to know . i have a lot more than pictures but it might make sense to offload those . 
that sd card has horrible read write speeds for an os and that ssd is much larger than the chip they 'll be using for storage . it 's portability and high io performance driving low space . 	compared to paying a monthly fee for google drive storage ?  give me the sd card 
exactly , they 're facebook machines . do n't get me wrong , i use it a lot and for a bit more than facebook , but at their core that 's all they are . 	i run my small restaurant entirely on a chromebook . ordering , accounting , scheduling , etc . they are great ! docs is fine for this kind of stuff . 
they expect users to depend on google drive . 	i prefer my 1 tb onedrive thank you very much .  i also prefer not not being able to do anything when i 'm on the road . 
god dammit , dad 	stfu son that was golden . 
it does n't run windows , so no . it 's an internet - only device . i use it in conjunction with an always - on windows 8 . 1 server that i rdp into when office online does n't cut it . 	what rdp client do you use ? how is it ? is it full featured ? can you print , copy paste between environments etc ? what does n't work ? 
do you sell in a specific geographic area or everywhere ? inside or outside ? 	i 'm outside sales . i was in tucson az and just got a promotion and now i 'm managing a new office in egg harbor nj . we cover anywhere from atlantic city to philly 
i sell replacement windows , average sale is between 15 - 20k . i average 200k a month in sales . 1 year . 	what kind of replacement windows ? residential or commercial ? why would someone replace their windows ? 
i 'm outside sales . i was in tucson az and just got a promotion and now i 'm managing a new office in egg harbor nj . we cover anywhere from atlantic city to philly 	as a sales rep here you can sell anywhere in the us that we do business , which is 17 states and growing . 
primarily selling to enterprise ? any specific industry ? 	primarily mid - market . which we consider from 50 employees to about 1 , 000 . but we also sometimes work in the enterprise space . 
primarily selling to enterprise ? any specific industry ? 	oh , no specific industry , just any company that pays people basically haha 
it 's actually 200k to repair 400k to upgrade 	its only 400k if it is also broken i just did it and it was 200k , but yeah i 'm just telling you this so anyone who stumbles upon this will know . 
conceivably something was wrong with pitch control . why the camera ? why not ? it was 2006 . lots of people had cameras . 	i 'm thinking it has to be pitch control loss that was being managed exclusively with power and trim . either that or a golden retriever was at the yoke . 
well , everything could 've been handled by the label or a licensing agency . 	yeah i 'm pretty shocked they said they know everywhere their music is used . i definitely assumed some agent handled all that . 
yeah i 'm pretty shocked they said they know everywhere their music is used . i definitely assumed some agent handled all that . 	they mentioned elsewhere in the ama that they do n't have a label .  granted , they might have an assistant helping out , so i do see your point . 
it was okay until it grabbed the nearest spork and asked if i like cheese . 	i mean , i 'd be down for a birthday party with wine and cheese but i do n't think that 's the implication here 
i loved cave story . i got one of my friends to play it and he also enjoyed it very much . hoping to see quote in smash . 	personally hoping for layton myself , but yeah ! cave story !  plantation is such a damn catchy tune ! 
illusion of gaia for the snes , to name one obscure game that has really stuck with me from my childhood . it was the first incredibly story - driven game i ever played . 	i like the unique concept of illusion of gaia , using real - world landmarks as dungeons and music to fit the cultural background . 
sorry for misinterpreting your reply to the initial post while indirectly quoting op . 	you 're forgiven . see those little marks around the word worst ? keep an eye 'out 'for those 
and what makes you think that 's dos ? the text is n't even readable . 	i think you might need glasses . i say this because i 'm currently wearing glasses and can read it , albeit with some effort . even without them i can sort of make words out . 
fucking uneducated reddit . no clue about any country outside the us bar a few stereotypes they saw on the television . 	my great grandmother was irish and i ate lucky charms this morning . i think i know a thing or two about ireland and it 's people . 
my great grandmother was irish and i ate lucky charms this morning . i think i know a thing or two about ireland and it 's people . 	i always enjoy the lucky charms thing . i 'm irish , i 've had them once ever , hated them and had to pay the equivalent of about 10 dollars for the box as you can only get it on import . 
when does it considered a good act to legalize something that the people wants . not sure if you get democracy . 	for the same reason a good car does n't break down . functioning as intended is still good . 
ok , but why did she change her wardrobe then ? she used to wear only red but now she is in black 	it 's a dark red dress , in a dark room with dark filters . 
some of the lighting this season has been pretty bad i 'm like is my tv going bad 	yeah , like jorah stealing the boat . i could n't almost see anything in that scene . 
damn . lookin good bro 	thanks buddy . 
where does the bible state that transgender people must hide their identity ? 	the bible does n't have to say anything . god does not make mistakes . 
not with this crap cpu . 	what 's wrong with the cpu ? does t hold back the gpu or something ? at least tell me why before saying it 's bad . 
what 's wrong with the cpu ? does t hold back the gpu or something ? at least tell me why before saying it 's bad . 	its very low end amd rubbish . i 'm not a fanboy but games favor single core performance and that 's where intel excels compared to amd cpus 
he wants to play minecraft .  minecraft . 	minecraft is single threaded , so it 'd benefit from better single core performance , and nodded minecraft can be surprisingly demanding 
you could build that same combo for less , and get a 280x for much less than that . 	i just threw something together for them to help . feel free to post links to whatever you 've found . 
its very low end amd rubbish . i 'm not a fanboy but games favor single core performance and that 's where intel excels compared to amd cpus 	he wants to play minecraft .  minecraft . 
watch everything except gt : p 	this , but watch kai instead of z , and the two new movies before moving on to super . 
tone troll who reads , but only rarely posts in . 	if you rarely post , but want more of a specific type of post , then makes those posts . telling other people to do it for you wo n't get you anywhere . 
lol how many other rappers have said racist shit towards jews or asians or said blatantly homophobic things . yall just give them a pass cause they 're black . 	please show me where i 've done that . i 'd love to see it . 
that 's quite a broad definition of both hip - hop and artist . 	regardless of your opinion of her music , she is a hip hop artist 
incredible news . a great day for hip hop . 	a therefore , the world . 
people ca n't just dislike shit quietly , but these comments are not that bad , all things considered .   	mods purged shit and at the time the negative ones were higher . 
is that what you call it ? having a good time by sabotaging the teams chances of winning . 	but what if i do n't care about winning ? any game that relies on matchmaking will always have this issue 
i agree with a harsher punishment but simply having the idle timer kick in at 30 seconds rather than 5 minutes would already make a world of difference . 	given how many people are having trouble zoning into the maps in the last few patches , 30 seconds would probably cause more issues than it solves tbh .  personally i 'd say closer to 60 or 90 . 
so if the premise is that someone who does n't want to play anymore simply must play , then it 's better to force them to do so than give give them an option to surrender ? 	you queue up , you commit to a game , win or lose . the whole point is they should n't be tempted to give up whenever things do n't go their way . 
i 'd blame that on the muradin over the stitches . you should always see the game through . especially if it was apparently close . 	i hear you . muradin should n't have quit but you could understand why . it was very frustrating . 
why are you getting agitated over quick match ? in a beta . 	what does beta have to do with it ? i do n't have a ton of spare time . so when i do manage to get a game in it is not unreasonable to want to play a good game . 
 about 900 games , i ca n't recall a single afk for a long time . at most 2 games ? 	its one in every 7 games or so for me . sometimes its only for 3 minutes but that still hurts the team 
if that were an option i am certain some games i have won would be on my record as losses . 	how so ? if you did n't flag , everyone would still have to play . 
 about 900 games , i ca n't recall a single afk for a long time . at most 2 games ? 	it 's been a surprisingly common occurrence for me recently , since open beta . it really sucks the fun out of a game . 
he may probably farmer bot . i met many of them before . we should make a megathread and report their name on it . 	but what do they farm ? 
how would a minimum of 10 games played prevent your problem at all ? he could have still just let his nephew play on his account . 	probably worded it wrong . with the 10 game minimum it would force new players to learn the ropes before jumping into a pvp game . 
is that what you call it ? having a good time by sabotaging the teams chances of winning . 	i bet that 7 year old was having a blast though . 
given that games are 15 - 20 minutes i 'm not sure how you 're saving 15 - 20 minutes by instantly resigning just because you do n't like how people are right out of the gate . 	so if the premise is that someone who does n't want to play anymore simply must play , then it 's better to force them to do so than give give them an option to surrender ? 
so ? most women are going to have multiple sexual partners before you . get over it and stop being petty 	did you read the bottom ? 
stopped at mind control . nice naruto copy pasta and oh wait there 's another pop trope alike , i forgot , care less .  moon worshipping , lame old retardation is where it 's at 	i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
it 's definitely possible to keep a tight core even if you do n't hold your breath the entire time . 	true , but it 's much harder , and it 's not like the clean should take long enough that you run out of breath anyways . 
i am glad you are safe . my knee gave out today jerking , hoping that its just an mcl sprain . 	i just came back from a knee sprain , another reason i 'm glad i did n't drop the bar on my knees . 
i do n't . they are generally very expensive . we test everything and if we ca n't verify it we send it out . i do n't know how this is n't sop for every supplement supplier . its absurd . 	curiosity - what is the cost to send in a serving of a supplement for testing in general ? 
i do n't know how people can sell stuff to people not knowing for sure what it is . 	i do n't know how people can buy stuff and ingest it without having any semblance of assurance about what it is . of course companies are going to sell it if people are dumb enough to buy it . 
fun fact , every unit of blood you donate saves 3 lives ! the blood is processed into 3 different components that can be used separately 	not exactly true , not all blood goes directly to people , some is used for research and such . 
fun fact , every unit of blood you donate saves 3 lives ! the blood is processed into 3 different components that can be used separately 	plus you get to feel a little light headed for a while and that 's pretty fucking sweet . 
true but nintendo is know to hold their cards close to their chest . maybe i 'm just to optimistic that it come out around my birthday . 	fingers crossed , i want a spring release just as much as the next person . 
we have n't seen any localized footage yet . noa should have started the hype train if we were to get this game before summer . 	true but nintendo is know to hold their cards close to their chest . maybe i 'm just to optimistic that it come out around my birthday . 
that would probably still give the opposition time to target them with fire support . 	yeah , that 's the trade - off , but there should be a way to build some that are relatively light and can mechanically deploy quickly . it 's only a question of cost . 
ooh . i like it . especially in that first pic , where you 're smiling like you 're up to no good . 	hahaha i did n't mean to smile like that ! thanks ! 
wait , somebody cut themselves ? 	yea , they did . mods removed the post . 
finally , these are back !  please never leave again 	oh , please . i never left .  not entirely at least . 
how are the browns ? been thinking about getting a mechanical keyboard for gaming , heard those were great . 	i like them personally . i have n't tried reds very much , so i ca n't say which i 'd like better . a lot of gamers prefer red for some reason , but i love my browns . 
no it is n't headphones , it 's a physical sound that the laptop makes even when turned off . 	he said you need headphones to listen closely to the sound in his video . 
not all of us are montecristo . i like to see ham games . not 25 minute games with low kills . 	yes , there is a way of having a ham game without looking ridiculously sloppy . 
well - put . it looks great btw 	thanks man . not gonna lie , i was feeling like i 'd made a disastrous mistake by the time the barber had me half - shaved .  had to close my eyes for the rest of it . 
thanks man . not gonna lie , i was feeling like i 'd made a disastrous mistake by the time the barber had me half - shaved .  had to close my eyes for the rest of it . 	it 's just cuz you were so used to it . i used to think having a beard looked weird on me , but looking back growing a small beard really upped my attractiveness 
no but i 've noticed putting something on a foundation and then it falling below the foundation to the ground but you ca n't get to it even if the foundation is high up . 	the collider is a cube , so you ca n't crawl underneath . if it happens to be a building product though , you can usually stack other ingredients on top and still use it . 
i would wait til training is over to be safe . they do n't want to fire someone after they just paid to train them . 	training is 6 weeks ! agh ! haha my body ca n't take that pain ! 
go green ! 	go white ! 
a house intruder was in my room , knife drawn , closing in on me . 	wait but a real one or just a hallucination ? 
i have been trying to figure how to watch games on my phone forever . do you have a sports channel subscription with mobile support or do you stream it from somewhere ?   	my old college roommate bought gamecenter and as long as the avs are n't on and he is n't watching it , i use his account for free ! 
i 'll be watching on my phone from my night class . let 's hope these last two losses have woke them up a bit . 	i have been trying to figure how to watch games on my phone forever . do you have a sports channel subscription with mobile support or do you stream it from somewhere ?   
so who else 's heart 's racing like crazy ? 	i feel like i have parkinson 's right now 
then post a screen shot of the call out , not just the story , and if there 's no call out in the second one either it also does n't belong here . 	no , i do n't feel like it my life experience and ability to discern fake v real tells me these are both bs 
they do n't harm your credit 	no , they just saddle you with debt right up until retirement . i 'd take the credit hit . 
this is why we should 've invented jet packs by now . 	jet packs are easy . heat shields for calves are the hard part . 
damn , that 's almost 3 pounds a week and almost half a pound a day !  noticeable difference for sure , good work ! 	it seems to be floating between 24 - 28 pounds . ive stalled for almost a week now . im not as meticulous about recording everything but i still eat like zero carbs . 
so can players from us cities without an nba team join the world roster ? 	canada is n't a city . 
it makes sense since canada has it 's own nba team as well . 	so can players from us cities without an nba team join the world roster ? 
canada is n't a city . 	i 'm sure he meant to say state 
really ? you ca n't have two favorite colors . being a favorite is pretty much like highlander . 	sure i can , and i do . i 'm attracted to red and yellow and i can rarely pick between the two . 
red and yellow . 	really ? you ca n't have two favorite colors . being a favorite is pretty much like highlander . 
this redditor is just trying to have an open debate . i comment and post content that is n't from the wireless too .   	oh like the ones from radio nz , your parent company ? 
ah whatever it was called , the one with the massive sold out stadium 	lol world champs and dota2 ti4 both sold out stadiums . there 's more money in pro dota2 though , 9 of the top 10 earning gamers are dota players . 
the internet is great , physics is what you want to bitch about . 	the problem with the internet being based in physics does n't change the fact our internet is terrible for gaming . 
the internet in new zealand is shit for playing a far larger number of games than it is good for playing . it 's not particular cases it 's the majority of cases . 	that is untrue , the vast majority of online communities have oceanic nodes for gaming . if you choose to game on us or eu nodes then you will always have a bad time . 
the problem with the internet being based in physics does n't change the fact our internet is terrible for gaming . 	yep , it does . saying the internet is shit implies there is something wrong or incorrectly configured . there is nothing incorrectly configured here . 
op run flat cdr blues . is that common i udyr ? because i thought it was n't . 	is there a common page for udyr ? besides the more generally useful standard one you would have if you only had 2 pages . 
i loved long halloween but disliked the dark knight returns . i found the art style ugly and the ending completely overblown and unsatisfying .  to each their own . 	i never read it , but saw the animated film which i understand top be fairly accurate . i did n't like it either , so you 're not alone hahaha 
how exactly does a group of people decide scrabble is the best game to bet on ? 	we like board games , and we like making people get naked .  it was the logical conclusion . 
high stakes scrabble . i lost . 	how exactly does a group of people decide scrabble is the best game to bet on ? 
i 'm not a dick , i 'm an asshole . 	but , dicks fuck assholes . 
if this is an actual loophole then red bull have been exploiting it for quite a few years now with toro rosso . 	did n't they get banned from data sharing ? although i doubt they 'd let that stop them 
who said sharing had to go both ways ? red bull pays , red bull gets . 	str also advertised red bull . your logic makes no sense : why suppress your own advertising by being crap ? 
in multiplayer quests the monsters have the same hp , whether you do the quest alone or with 4 people . 	yup . no dynamic scaling no matter how many people you have in the party . gathering hall missions are always the same . 
i thought all we had was cap room ? 	we 'll have a lot more cap space once kobe retires . also the cap will be going up , so we should be able to sign at least two max players . 
fullmetal alchemist : brotherhood  there is just something about its aesthetic that gets a solid balance between the various tones of the anime . 	i really liked the character designs but i guess that 's a manga thing more then the anime . i always felt bad when poor gluttony was being beat up . the poor guy was adorable . 
david pro fucking kills it with jojo 's art . 	i really ca n't wait to see how they handle the different art style from mid part 4 onwards . 
nichijou has my favorite artstyle . i love the light colors . 	i have n't read any manga or whatever , but i feel like every frame of that show could be a panel in a manga 
i guess i should really stop putting this movie off and just watch it if the art is this good ! 	it 's only about 45 minutes . even if you do n't like the story the animation will make it worthwhile . 
david pro fucking kills it with jojo 's art . 	feels like it took a bit of a dive in quality with stardust crusaders though . i liked the creative shots and effects they did for the first two arcs . 
then you should be happy the land got sold to a private foreign company in the defense authorization act so they can make billions exporting copper to china . 	yeah , that does n't bother me . what irked me was the federal part . 
so the only place the feds can have land is in washington dc and such ? that means no more military bases ya know . 	uh , no . read the constitution .  military bases are in there as opposed to presidential action about saving forests . 
why does the federal government own that land to begin with ?  give it to the state and let them decide what happens to it . 	being down voted for speaking the truth , how typical . this crap is happening everywhere remember bundy ranch ? the ignorant will start yelling racist cause they got no argument . 
although i am unfamiliar with arizona laws , i am staunch in my belief that the federal government should not own such land in other states for environmental purposes . 	the land simply does not belong to the state of arizona and it never has . the land belongs to the federal government , whether you like it or not . 
damn , that 's some serious anger you got towards this copper mine . 	it 's more about governments selling off protected land to be mutilated and destroyed by businesses for dirt cheap than anything else . 
that would make you a decent human being , sadly i do n't think that is a qualification for politics . 	funny thing - i do n't think anyone could pay me enough to go into politics . i 'm happy in my workshop . 
my belief that they should n't .  i 'm not trying to make a legal argument . 	so merely an unfounded and uninformed opinion ?  please explain to us . why not ? 
personally , i 'd go with the apache . fuck taking dirty money . 	that would make you a decent human being , sadly i do n't think that is a qualification for politics . 
reddit now cares about religion ? 	i hear that 4chan guy does n't care about religion either . those two individual people are silly , huh 
on what basis ? 	my belief that they should n't .  i 'm not trying to make a legal argument . 
yes , but that is because the land is inside the state 's territorial border . 	the federal lands within arizona are just that , federal lands . they have been by arizona law ever since arizona became a state . 
shits not fresh tho . its was posted the other day too .  it has bars , but that beat is straight ass 	it 's older even than that , man , this track was on cursed with a blessing .  i like it , but tally kind of shows montana up here , tbh . 
and that , folks , is how people end up on the sex offender registry . 	for a man , yes . for a woman , it 's cute . 
are you talking about the purple and yellow career exo ? if so then yes alot of people have it 	i think he might be talking about the royal exo . 
i 'm pretty sure it 's an act . 	poe 's law , sometimes it 's really hard to tell . something tells me he is a genuine nutjob though . 
i know i feel real bad wanting to upgrade what could be seen as a titan and a 3570k when people are still using 6000 series and 400 series cards with athlon processors or even older stuff .   	i 'll make it some day . i hope . maybe .  jk , i 'm probably going to die with student loan debt . 
he 's practically 7 in mm , he did n't have a kid at 12 . 	link is ten to twelve in ocarina of time . 
i 'd like to hear that 	search on true zelda for happy mask salesman . unfortunately i do n't have it saved anymore . 
couple grand ? they 're like 100 bucks each for standard window units . 	i estimated high . i never use the things , just seen them in the field . i didnt realize they could be that cheap . 
it does n't say it can be used in woc which is what im trying to say . it say doc , loc , and grand loc its not a woc unit in any of the rules rumors ive read 	ohhhh . my apologies then ! turns out my reading comprehension is that of a two year old . 
contact whoever you bought it from . it looks defective . mine worked fine out the box . no green screen . is anything else wrong ? 	actually i take that back . i do n't think my supports work . like i have sub persona with navi skills on but they never seem to do anything with them at all 
awesome job ! and also can i just say i love your pants in the before pics lol . want . 	haha thanks ! i 'm seriously considering getting new ones in a smaller size once i 'm done losing weight . 
i 'm assuming you had the introductory rate . call them and tell them you 're finding a new provider and they should drop it down a bit . 	i 've never had this work with charter . they always just move me forward with the cancellation process . 
and god help you if you try to skate to work in a tracksuit . 	that 's a no - no . not unless you want to lose your breath for a bit 
there are portions that are on man made trails too , although that distance is quite small . 	the edmonton idea is to be entirely man made and running through town , not along a river - think walking path for skating , from how it seems . 
watch and look both ways so you guys do n't get hit by byfuglien 	and god help you if you try to skate to work in a tracksuit . 
hey bud , can we work out transitioning the romanian coastal holds back to my control ? 	after what romania did to bulgaria never , plus they are part yours part mine  
more useful question : in a fight between the guy with the beret and black hat guy , who would win ? 	beret guy , no contest . he lives in a different reality than everyone else , where winning is defined differently 
that 's beret guy , different person . 	yeah , but he would be more interesting against black hat guy . 
beret guy ? 	nah , i think white hat is wearing a hat kinda like the black hat but shorter and with a stripe kinda thing around it . he often holds an opinion that randall disagrees with . 
bush is a fairly common last name , you should just hope they draft a rb or db named bush and give him that number .  now , i hope i do n't have to burn my suh jersey . 	the good thing is with the release of bush , lions have 1 . 7 more cap to play with giving us the chance to utilize our 1st pick on something other than a dt to replace suh , mosley or fairley . 
i threw my roy williams jersey back onto the field after the last home game of the 0 - 16 season . 	lmfao did it catch on fire ? 
that scene was great , you 're the one with the problem 	wow , you took that personally . but , yeah i thought that scene was pretty funny . 
it 's during the part when gordon and his crew are arresting the various mob bosses ; gordon 's deputy says it while he 's putting one of them in a squad car . 	ah ! okay i remember that now . any time i hear that i ca n't help but remember that line being used in a power rangers movie and chuckle at it 's usage . 
240p for the c9 vs gv game today ? 	that 's probably a result of your internet connection , the video is available in up to 720p . 
i find the flare gun and reserve shooter just as easy to use , to be honest . if anything , the flare gun 's much better imo , but i do enjoy the reliability of a hitscan weapon . 	the flare is definitely not better . it reloads faster , shoots faster , is more accurate , can do a lot of damage without fire , and can and will do more damage than the flare gun up close . 
the flare is definitely not better . it reloads faster , shoots faster , is more accurate , can do a lot of damage without fire , and can and will do more damage than the flare gun up close . 	i use the flare gun solely because the reserve shooter makes me feel like a bad person . 
lord of the flies . for a nobel prize winning book , it 's terrible , and they make so many people read it in school . 	yeah , i guess there is some plot development , but it 's become one of those books that none want to read but are made to study it ; a book is to be enjoyed more than it is studied 
things fall apart yams . all the yams . when i think about that book , all i can remember is a lot of talk about yams . 	it felt like i was reading the african version of the good earth . 
that book made me feel disgusted with mankind . 	that 's an odd reaction . can i ask why ? 
the scarlet letter . i love books . i do n't love that book . a farewell to arms and the sound and the fury round out the top three . 	most long winded author ever . every sentence has at least 10 superfluous words in it . 
a separate peace . it 's a boring and bland read with a bad ending . not sure why it 's a classic . 	i read that when i was bored in a study hall in high school . it was weird , and , yeah , the ending was weird 
you sure we did n't have the same teacher . hearing her talk about it , it was the first and most important . just the greatest thing ever put together . i could n't with her . 	let 's compare . was your english teacher the subject of an ongoing rumor that she had been a porn star 20 years ago ? if so - we had the same teacher ! 
heinlein is also guilty of this , but i 've enjoyed the 3 or 4 of his books i 've read .  edit - is anything she 's written even considered a classic , by the way ? 	no . she is not a significant figure in the history of literature or in the history of philosophy . 
that shit about the mexican pearl diver and baby coyote . fuck that noise . 	so . fucking . boring . 
things fall apart yams . all the yams . when i think about that book , all i can remember is a lot of talk about yams . 	there was a running joke in my class that yams were all that mattered . now i literally ca n't remember a plot point except for the yams . 
a separate peace . it 's a boring and bland read with a bad ending . not sure why it 's a classic . 	ah , man , i loved this one . we had it for summer reading before ninth grade . 
lord of the flies .  it was super boring to me . also , piggy was my favorite and they killed him .  a separate peace was pretty bad , too . 	i feel like you 're in my english class because we just finished both of these books .  both sucked . 
moby dick . reading that book as like wading through cement . 	came here just to find this answer . hated moby dick ! and i 've read a lot of classics . 
anything shakespeare . i tried really fucking hard to get interested in several of his works . never happened . 	i 've read julius caesar and loved it , read macbeth , meh . 
to kill a mockingbird . it bored me to death . 	far too much slang in the book . annoyed the hell out of me . 
the scarlet letter . i love books . i do n't love that book . a farewell to arms and the sound and the fury round out the top three . 	a farewell to arms got me seriously into literature and the sound and the fury might be my favorite book of all time . scarlet letter , though ? no thank you . 
a separate peace . it 's a boring and bland read with a bad ending . not sure why it 's a classic . 	well , it 's marginally better than the stuff that i had to read for ap english like the scarlet letter . 
the lord of the rings , too long , boring as fuck .  decent movie though . 	those are my favourite books , but i dislike the movies since i feel that they are way to action focused and lost most of the charm of the books . 
most long winded author ever . every sentence has at least 10 superfluous words in it . 	if the same story were written by hemingway it would be like 15 pages . 
the scarlet letter . i love books . i do n't love that book . a farewell to arms and the sound and the fury round out the top three . 	i recently finished the old man and the sea as a hemingway warm - up . i was thinking about getting a farewell to arms . you do n't recommend ? 
i personally hated pride and prejudice . for a 15 year old kid , this book was terribly boring . 	i read it when i was in 5th grade , and i liked it .  but i totally see why someone would n't . 
a separate peace . it 's a boring and bland read with a bad ending . not sure why it 's a classic . 	ugh i had to read this book for ap lit . super boring . 
ulysses . forced to read it for college , could n't make any sense of it . hated it . 	please tell me you were an english major .  no one should be forced to read that thing unless they are an english major . 
i 'm starting it in class in 2 weeks . rip me , i guess . not going in with high hopes . 	good luck , this is the book i came here to post 
lord of the flies . for a nobel prize winning book , it 's terrible , and they make so many people read it in school . 	it 's such a shitty book about absolutely nothing . i hate it . 
the only book i did n't completely read in english 	did you finish it in french ? 
anything by ayn rand .  crazy , wearing her issues on her sleeve and jumping through a lot of hoops for force her narrative reality to reflect her mindset instead of actual reality . 	crazy is right . atlas shrugged made a lot more sense to me after i learned that she was addicted to amphetamines while writing it . 
it was like reading the plot if a particularly melodramatic soap opera where i did n't care if any of the characters lived or died . would not recommend . 	i thought it was a melodramatic soap opera where i actively wanted all of the characters dead . 
lord of the flies .  it was super boring to me . also , piggy was my favorite and they killed him .  a separate peace was pretty bad , too . 	lord of the flies is hilarious , honestly the second funniest book i was forced to read in school 
the scarlet letter . i love books . i do n't love that book . a farewell to arms and the sound and the fury round out the top three . 	the sound and the fury makes me want to gouge my eyes out . i ca n't get behind the stream of consciousness style . 
lolita .  hated it and had this feeling like my door would be kicked in by the police at any moment while reading it . 	beautiful prose , creepy subject matter , and overall pretty fucking boring . 
i personally hated pride and prejudice . for a 15 year old kid , this book was terribly boring . 	i read it for english lit in my twenties . still boring as fuck . in fact i do n't think i even bothered to finish it because i knew i would n't need to write about it for an exam . 
like water for chocolate . every sentence i had to read made me more and more irritated . 	i was so irrationally angry reading that book . 
moby dick . reading that book as like wading through cement . 	it 's definitely long winded , but at least the chapters are short .  my advice ? read slow , and read with a dictionary . 
i loved it at 16 , but hated it by 26 . it just did not age well in my mind . 	if you 're basing that off the main character 's views on the world , then you basically lived the story of the book . 
i had to read fahrenheit 451 in high school . i dont remember a thing about the book , just that it was boring , confusing , and very hard to finish . 	fahrenheit 451 had a great concept and theme , but the development of the book was not there . 
the giver . do n't even remember anything other than being bored to a nearly comatose state .  edit : looked it up and turns out i confused it with gathering blue . i actually liked the giver . 	i read it like 14 years ago so i do n't remember much either , but i 'm pretty sure i loved it . 
fahrenheit 451 had a great concept and theme , but the development of the book was not there . 	although i 'm pretty sure we 'll have literal tv rooms , where the whole room is the tv , in another 10 years or so . 
i love lotr . but fuck tom fucking bombadil and his bright fucking yellow shit . 	i got downvoted to hell for saying this once .  you 're doing well so far . 
although i 'm pretty sure we 'll have literal tv rooms , where the whole room is the tv , in another 10 years or so . 	you could probably have one today if you really wanted . it 's just i 'm not sure there 's much you 'd want to see because of the resolution of what you are watching . 
i suspect the subject matter is what ruined it for me and did n't allow me to objectively assess if i actually liked his writing . i did also find it a bit boring though . 	it 's definitely a difficult read , i totally empathize . i almost did n't make it all the way through a couple of times . 
i 'm starting it in class in 2 weeks . rip me , i guess . not going in with high hopes . 	it 's short . you 'll live . 
i love that book . it 's not for everybody but you might like it . 	at least it 's short and easy to read . 
the stranger . great book but i hated my teacher for making me read it . 	what ? you hate your teacher for getting you to read what turned out to be a great book ? 
ramp druid would make this work . 	you 're not wrong there , innervate on turn 2 with this could be bad for an opponent , but it would slow up follow up plays slightly . but you 're right . the ramp is real . 
looks really good . i think that the plank would be better if you do n't have to crouch through the windows . it looks really slow . 	thank you very much ! that 's an excellent idea with opening the plank windows up a bit more so you can run through them . 
sometimes i feel like i 'm missing out on some heavy shit when i 'm sober . 	yin and yang man . sometimes when you 're down the rabbit hole you feel like you miss a lot of important shit . 
ah , yes now i see that he did mention it in a different comment .  thanks for clearing that up ! 	no problem aha ! 
i grew up in middle georgia . 	really ? being a mod of cleveland browns related subs i would not have guessed that . 
honest question . in a country like sweden , can you actually expect nice enough weather for the lounge to be practical ? 	it 's basically a luxury balcony , i would definitely use this even if it was n't that hot . but if you wanna hang out there sun tanning i guess it would only be practical during the summer . 
you are the fourth person to post this in the last 24 hours and not even change the title . 	no shame in his game ! 
i 'm near atlanta , would you be willing to sell the delta ii and the rba head ? i do n't require coils but i would love to test out a delta ii for review . 	i 'm not sure if i want to split it up , i think i might have a hard time selling the coils by themselves . 
does it work like normal rift where skills rotate on death ? could easily test this but im in class : p 	yeap but there are no points . 
i 'm fine with this . seven counties is n't really the best organization , and while the switch may be rough in the meantime , i do think continuity of care will be better in the future . 	i think they should definitely allow more time for the transition so that consumers do not get hurt in the process . 
thanks . volunteer work can be very rewarding , i 'd recommend trying it to anyone . 	i plan to be a pursue a career in counselling , not exactly volunteer work but i guess kinda along similar lines of helping people . but not quite as selfless as yours though . 
also - snow golems move towards snowing areas if they 're not in one and near one . 	i added it to the post ! 
how often do you know that you 're dreaming ? i doubt dogs have figured out lucid dreaming . 	oh i 'm no lucid dreamer , nor do i think pets are . on occasion over the years i have been startled awake by suddenly realizing i was probably dreaming . 
how often do you know that you 're dreaming ? i doubt dogs have figured out lucid dreaming . 	i mean after they wake up , do they know they were dreaming or do they think they were just outside running ? or whatever the dream was 
i feel like having a giant target in an age where guided missiles and drones could take it out with a single strike is a bad idea . 	something that big has got to have a counter - missile system on it somewhere . 
something that big has got to have a counter - missile system on it somewhere . 	i bet those missiles will have anti - anti - missile systems on them ! 
i pity whichever country that still uses traditional tanks in an age when there are battle - capable mechs . that 's just asking to get your ass whooped in a war . 	i feel like having a giant target in an age where guided missiles and drones could take it out with a single strike is a bad idea . 
i feel like having a giant target in an age where guided missiles and drones could take it out with a single strike is a bad idea . 	i have a feeling the anti - plane laser that the navy has on their frigates will have been shrunk down enough to mount one on their shoulders by then . 
this is really sick . i 'll be using these this upcoming season . thanks ! 	i 've used these for a while now and have found them extremely helpful . just wanted to pass them along . 
she does n't care they probably pay her more than most of the people in this sub . 	yeah , carl 's jr . does n't pay me hardly anything . 
she 's just forcing that smile way too hard 	watch it for 5 seconds . i swear you can see it start to melt away . 
spam was made in minnesota during wwii and became very popular in hawaii because they could n't afford anything else . it 's also very salty . 	i like how absolutely no one would get that reference but you went with your interesting history fact anyway . nice work . 
it 's kind of led to an underfunded k - 12 system to the point where the state supreme court has held the legislature in contempt for failing to adequately fund the system . 	are n't most public school systems funded by property tax , not income tax ? 
pretty sure that the tax rate changes based on where the game is played . a small loophole some accountants use to get down the players income tax . idk about the bonus money . 	not really a loophole , just the law . 
are you really that upset that we do n't pay income tax ? i 'm personally very happy about it . 	it 's kind of led to an underfunded k - 12 system to the point where the state supreme court has held the legislature in contempt for failing to adequately fund the system . 
are you really that upset that we do n't pay income tax ? i 'm personally very happy about it . 	i 'd rather have a state income tax along with lower sales taxes . our current tax system is regressive as fuck .   
wait , away games are taxed at the rate of the hosting team 's state ? how does that make any sense ? 	jock tax . no one said our tax code was easy or intuitive . 
i 've always felt they should account for this in salary caps to enforce parity . it 'd be pretty easy to do , actually . they will have to if they ever try expanding into europe . 	that would get unbelievably complicated because the total state tax percentage that players on each team would pay would vary every year based on their schedule . 
do nfl players living in nyc have to pay city tax too ? that shit is killer on top of ny state tax . 	nope , the team and game is played in new jersey , so they pay nj taxes and avoid city taxes . but philly players get absolutely fucked . 
pretty sure that the tax rate changes based on where the game is played . a small loophole some accountants use to get down the players income tax . idk about the bonus money . 	this is correct . by law players pay taxes in the state where they get their game check .  bonus would likely be home state . 
i like how absolutely no one would get that reference but you went with your interesting history fact anyway . nice work . 	i was completely lost on that one too . 
what if they just made the salary cap a net income salary cap rather than gross income ? 	that would still be super complicated and impossible to plan since schedules are n't known until less than a year from week one . 
that would get unbelievably complicated because the total state tax percentage that players on each team would pay would vary every year based on their schedule . 	what if they just made the salary cap a net income salary cap rather than gross income ? 
kay . 	open .  please note that we are doing work on the subreddit , and things are subject to change . but please have fun . 
was there . shat pants 	that whole game was shat pants and stained underwear . it was beautiful 
moto g . it 's a burner phone 	understood . we have one of those , as a backup phone if needed . bare bones device , works pretty good for the text messages . bout all haha 
what kind of hair you got ? 	blonde , thin with a little curl in it . also , receding a little bit 
i was just asking if you wanted any of those mods . i have access to 'em and trade them for reasonable , but set prices . getting that daily plat gain out of the way and all . 	d 'oh .  my bad . 
the ingame stat bars are often misleading . like in previous titles , fmj increased damage on the stat bars , but ingame it only increased bullet penetration . 	and range if im not mistaken , asm strider is 5 shot at range with damage increase ? 
so if i run grip and laser sight my recoil will be less with the laser sight than just running grip ? 	no , accuracy is ads spread and the laser sight only affects hipfire spread . 
definitely a mix . i see a lot of german shepherd in those eyes , and all around features . 	i 'm far from a pro but that 's my guess as well .  still , a beautiful pup . 
do they even have anything that is actually british in their museums ? 	who 'd go to a museum full of british stuff ? 
polandball is a place of fun and political amusement , not silly questions . 	exactly , therefore my question is not by definition silly . your reply though is : p 
do they even have anything that is actually british in their museums ? 	we stuck a flag in it before we nicked it . it 's british . 
use the star ground concept . that means you have a central ground point where several grounds all connect at one point on the chassis . ground the engine at your battery 's chassis ground . 	so anything that is bolted to the engine block will suffice for the engine block ground ? 
so anything that is bolted to the engine block will suffice for the engine block ground ? 	often the car will have a ground directly to the engine block somewhere . use that . if you find a ground going to the transmission that may be an acceptable spot as well . 
sorry the real good looking women do n't talk to you 	yeah , bots bore me anyway . 
of course she 's a fat girl . she 's looking on the internet . normal girls do n't have to resort to such measures . 	someone 's never been on tinder in a huge city . there are thousands of gorgeous women on there 
someone 's never been on tinder in a huge city . there are thousands of gorgeous women on there 	and they want to have sex with you now , just click here ! 
i 'm surprised she did n't call you a shitlord . 	i have n't seen that word used in earnest in months . 
of course she 's a fat girl . she 's looking on the internet . normal girls do n't have to resort to such measures . 	i 've met more attractive men on the internet . i 've met men with much better personalities as well . 
i have n't seen that word used in earnest in months . 	well , it refers to a bunch of different terms that all have the same meaning but with definitions that are only ostensibly different . 
welcome to reddit , where cooler people can get to the front page with the stuff you wrote a week ago that got downvoted to hell . 	it 's funny my man cause as soon as i linked it got upvoted so it 's no longer with a negative score xd  
bit of a difference between being unprofessional and throwing casual death threats out . 	so what ? i bet more than half the people here flame worse than him when it comes to that . just look at the racist shit some people are spouting . 
he may be a little shit but obsession with professionalism and proper behaviour is one of the things that killed sc2 and makes lol so fucking shit to watch .  so just keep that in mind . 	so you 're saying that it 's ok to be an asshole so it wo n't turn the scene dead and shit to watch ? 
he has to talk shit over video games since he 's a tiny brown skeleton irl 	yeah real man do it over an internet message board ! 
idra or naniwa ? hard for those guys to stay around in team games 	they are not on the same level . not even close . 
i was ass but i was ass in private .  so youngest face of this community is younger version of ppd .  well fuck . 	an ass in private . how does that work ? being a douche to non - animate objects ? 
name streamers with good manners .  three different people name three swedes . well fuck i guess we 're doing something right over here . 	i gotta give it to dendi he almost never flames , keeps calm and overall a very nice person 
i was ass but i was ass in private .  so youngest face of this community is younger version of ppd .  well fuck . 	you 're aware that a lot of this is a persona . arteezy does n't act like he does on stream , when he 's in person . 
i would actually find it hilarious if that got him temp banned from twitch . 	i 'd laugh and all , but still be annoyed after when i can no longer watch a pretty good player because of the reddit sjw army . 
you know you can just turn off the stream . do n't like it do n't watch it . we are not the moral police of the dota community 	you know you can just close the tab . do n't like it do n't read it . we are not the moral police of the reddit community  
no , no he 's not . he 's a regular human being who happens to not be an asshole . unlike the average dota player . 	if you think the average human is anywhere near as nice and chill as s4 , you 're in for a rough life . 
no , i mean real friends in real life . 	how is that relevant to random people you meet in a dota 2 game ? i did n't meet my friends in real life by being dicks to them either . i 'm a dick to them now that we 're friends . 
or we can all not care about what he does with his life and care about our own . seriously am i the only one here who does n't care how the pros behave ? 	no you are not . but seriously people who complaint of how a 15 yo dota player behaves are the ones who need to grow up . 
in any other sport , when practicing you do n't get matched with 4 retards who will do their best to make sure that your game will be as miserable as possible 	he has enough of people to play with , if he wants to . ca n't he just play elite league instead of ranked ? 
zai does the exact same shit except he does n't type it out 	flaming out loud does n't affect the team if you do n't have mic on or are with the person though . i do n't care if you get salty , just do n't let it spread 
if hes getting paid for a job adults do then he should be treated like one . age is n't an excuse . 	but it 's not a job for adults . if there was a 10 year old good enough , he could be recruited . 
this is dota . it 's not about online or offline , it 's not about anonymity , it 's about what 's appropriate in a dota game .  in na at least , flaming is the cultural norm for dota games . 	the same can be said about pretty much any competitive game or game mode . and not only in na . 
because that 15 year old is a professional player and his actions strengthen the stereotypes of dota players . 	its not them who strengthen the stereotypes , its the unnecessary moral policing , as this post , that does it . 
even so , try to look at it from a player 's perspective when he sees hundreds of people all insulting him and calling him a piece of shit . 	great logic there buddy . a pro player flames someone in a stream thousands watch but reddit ca n't have a thread complaining about his behaviour ? 
you are simply wrong , have you watched ppd stream ? he calls his team fucking retards all the time . 	he says that in stream , but he does n't call them that . sumail actually says it to the teammates themselves in chat . 
i really doubt hes like this in real life , probably more of a quiet kid , which leads to him not having many friends 	same as ee . he was so quiet and shy when i met him at dreamhack last year . still , you have no reason to act like a retard . 
he literally 15 , this is normal shit for any teenager . 	he 's not any normal teenager you ca n't use that excuse for everything when he plays for a high profile pro team 
what is the point here ? is it okay to behave like this if you have no friends ? 	no friends , no social skills . it 's difficult to build social skills in a video game . 
i did n't make twitch rules . i did n't help him break them either . 	did n't force him to use twitch for his stream , for that matter . 
dota 2 on reddit boys . 	its like getting games with the toxic teammates that you had on your team last game . except over and over and over again . 
fuck sumail , what a prick 	seriously what a fucking faggot shit for speaking offensively who fucking does that ? 
true , i would smack the shit out of 15 year old me and i 'm 21 now . i 'm sure 30 year old me would kick 21 year old me in the dick still . it 's all perspective . 	hell i 'd hate my 15 year old self , and i 'm 17 . 
was idra that good ?  all i remember about him was that he quit quite a few games he would have won easily , had he thought about the situation a little . 	i used to follow him . his matches were so fun to watch , drama included . 
s4 is an angel . ca n't be compared with . 	no , no he 's not . he 's a regular human being who happens to not be an asshole . unlike the average dota player . 
you are simply wrong , have you watched ppd stream ? he calls his team fucking retards all the time . 	does he do it in chat though ? i know i 'll say to myself all the time about how certain decisions or players are dumb as all get out , but almost never in chat or over voice . 
probably more to do with his skill . 	yeah sumail 's a great player no doubt . 
so your point is they should n't hurt other peoples feelings because they 're paid to play dota ? 	pretty much , yes . aside from the fact that being an asshole is n't a good thing , eg have sponsors that likely do not want to be associated with this kind of behaviour . 
and also in the us , people are free to call him an arse for saying said hurtful things . 	exactly . but post was calling to force him to act nice . 
you know you can just turn off the stream . do n't like it do n't watch it . we are not the moral police of the dota community 	i agree , it 's like people want him to act more professional but thats not him right now . do they really want him to put on a front just to make them feel better ? 
because 15 year old kids are suppose to be perfect . 	well no but i did n't scream like that at my teammates when i played video games . on a second note i did n't play as competitive . 
you are simply wrong , have you watched ppd stream ? he calls his team fucking retards all the time . 	have you seriously never called anyone a fucking retard before ? everyone in this thread acts like they are nothing but the nicest of players . 
fatties aint in the gym . they 're at the dairy queen next door . 	is that common ? there 's a dairy queen right across the street from the gym in my town . 
what 's the story ? 	 pretty sure that 's a joke about fat people saying that being with a thin person is basically like being with a child . 
 pretty sure that 's a joke about fat people saying that being with a thin person is basically like being with a child . 	i see it ! that 's really clever actually xd 
where in america are you ? that must be an americans arm . yes , i 'm american . 	asian country dude . so i 'm quite shocked . 
what 's the story ? 	he tortured and murdered fifteen very young children . however , the charges were dropped . 
your comment history suggests you really dislike fat people . maybe you could use your passion for exercise as a way to influence instead of being such an ass clown to people over the internet . 	we do n't want you to lose weight . we want you to die . 
oooh , bad ass ! : o 	not a huge fan but a friend is so i got him one for a present it was cool .  but wow it looks pretty similar . 
that 's overweight , dickhead . 	unless he lifts weights , you weak , scrawny fuck . 
your comment history suggests you really dislike fat people . maybe you could use your passion for exercise as a way to influence instead of being such an ass clown to people over the internet . 	maybe instead of spending time on a website with 70k people who hate you , go for a run and make us hate you less , fatass . 
2 days ? how much do you play ? this is a month for me . 	he is able to spawn things in for himself . it makes it very easy . 
playing with advantage of 1 player for most of the match , at home , with good result on away leg . 	is n't as bad as losing 3 - 1 at home to an objectively weaker side ? is that how you were going to finish ? 
what not losing a match and going out to a very good psg side on away goals ? do n't think there is anyone feeling the pressure 	playing with advantage of 1 player for most of the match , at home , with good result on away leg . 
thanks ! i was way too young to know what the blues brothers were when i originally played it and added that descriptor at a later date . turned out i had it right on ! 	it sounded something kinda like gregory house for ps1 for a minute there actually there is a nurse with a giant needle as well . 
so the response thing was my fault . really busy weekend for me irl and just was n't able to respond quickly , sorry . if you have any mechanic question feel free to pm me or something . 	i realise my post was quite bitchy , and i apologise . did n't mean to come across that way . you 're doing a great job , thanks 
the people living next to fukushima might disagree . 	health effects of fukushima are pretty small . 
nuclear on a bad day is much worse than anything coal can do . much less likely , but infinitely more dangerous . 	coal plants also release more radiation over the course of their lifetime than a nuclear plant would too . 
nuclear on a bad day is much worse than anything coal can do . much less likely , but infinitely more dangerous . 	coal kills 100s of thousands per year , through mining and pollution . that 's far worse than the worst nuclear disasters . 
the people living next to fukushima might disagree . 	well so what ?  this is just such a poor argument for anything . 
do you know if this is any good ? or what time it is ? what kind of music it 's generally geared towards etc ? 	starts around 10 : 30 . there 's a pub quiz before . i 've been a couple of times . it 's a nice atmosphere and there 's a huge mix of music . can get quite busy though . 
slow your print speed drastically for the antenna and increase cooling . you 'll be very happy with the result 	a fan would help quite a bit as well . 
maybe some drop crotch pants ? 	added to : to - buy list 
who cares about grills , think about ventilation for your balls 	like thats a problem for us indian men . 
ne india , what about you ? 	north . he 's in delhi , btw . somewhere near that . 
is that like a cool style over there ? though i would agree that its great for home use . 	it 's a popular fashion trend that will hopefully die soon . 
well to be fair , i doubt anyone would be completely satisfied with their married life . 	true . 
ah . everyone just plans to party . i just wanna go off the grid and read novels , play football and shit . 	why dude ? fucking enjoy life while you 're young . novels will be there when you 're older too , the power of youth wo n't . 
a lot of high school kids wear them . and some of the guys in my uni do too . looks pathetic on each and every one of them . 	is that like a cool style over there ? though i would agree that its great for home use . 
but it also seems as if the narrator does n't really care about the woman which i do n't think is your intention . 	i wrote it with spoken words style in mind , may be that 's why ? 
alright . you definitely have potential though . there was some good stuff in there . keep writing . 	thanks for the feedback , appreciate it . mind reading one more and see if you like it ? 
haha thanks for the feedback .  babies and sex as in , the primal attraction of fucking her sore and how i wish she would mother my child . 	but it also seems as if the narrator does n't really care about the woman which i do n't think is your intention . 
treyarch year hype . i 'm actually really hoping the waw ii rumors are true . would love another wwii game . 	i tried going back to world at war , but it is so hacked it 's laughable . 
i have two 32 and a 33 , the game is just trash . guess i did too much raiding because only the crucible is even remotely fun . thanks though ! 	you played to 33 , but it was trash ? i thought it was fun and played a lot , and i did n't even make it to 33 . you must really like trash , or be a masochist . 
treyarch year hype . i 'm actually really hoping the waw ii rumors are true . would love another wwii game . 	i really was n't a fan of the black ops games but waw is the best cod to date , a second one with today 's graphics ect . would be phenomenal 
nobody uses a mic . i miss the good ol days of being able to make friends over xbox live . 	yeah me too mate . 
go back and run the raids . add me so we can run some . get gear 	i have two 32 and a 33 , the game is just trash . guess i did too much raiding because only the crucible is even remotely fun . thanks though ! 
i can tell you 're a kid . back in my day we played nes mario over and over and over and over and we loved it because it had replay value . 	well i 'll play goddamn mario 100 times a day because it 's still fun after a bunch of time . ca n't say the same about destiny . 
itt : mcc because they think it 's still broken . 	or we know it was just fixed , months later ? i would say that counts as a letdown . 
does mcc work for everyone now ? i sold mine ages ago , so would n't know . 	yep , matchmaking works almost perfectly . finding a game takes only seconds now , it 's awesome . 
how to survive . what a mess of frustration junk , the 5 bucks i paid for it would of been better spent on just about anything . 	its only 5 bucks though being fair . 
definitely mcc . the nostalgia did n't last as long as it took to find a game 	well to be fair , that 's a pretty far comparison . 
destiny was fun for a week . 	fastest i 've ever traded a game in , 5 days making my money back . it had amazing potential and had it been a stand - alone game i bet it could have been incredible . 
yeah me too mate . 	i 've had an xbone since the first month it came out and i have n't made a single friend from game chat yet . i mean i have tons of friends in real life it 's just nice having gaming buddies . 
you played to 33 , but it was trash ? i thought it was fun and played a lot , and i did n't even make it to 33 . you must really like trash , or be a masochist . 	lol , i had fun with it , but had to stop at 28 . that guy is a liar , who plays a game they hate that long ? 
go back to it and run raids . add me so we can run raids . 	i 've done all the raid gotten all the exotics and all the armor there nothing left for me to do i 'd rather play warframe
play the others , i hated playing thru ce but when i got to halo 2 with the new cut scenes it was way more enjoyable 	yeah i felt the same , i did n't remember ce feeling so repetitive and honestly a bit boring . 
watch_dogs , the co op was rubbish , not at all what i expected , i was hoping it would be more like red dead redemption 's co - op , but no , it was pointless with very little to do 	dude i have n't played that game in sooooooo long i forgot it had multiplayer holy crap . 
mcc . took 20 minutes to find a game with a friend and he and i ended up quitting entirely . also , campaign was n't as good as my memory remembers . 	your memory ca n't remember . your brain can remember . 
watch_dogs , the co op was rubbish , not at all what i expected , i was hoping it would be more like red dead redemption 's co - op , but no , it was pointless with very little to do 	all of the multiplayer modes were awful . and they had a lot of lag and performance issues . 
bad idea . 	well , could you at least give a reason why it would be a bad idea ? 
eastern or western kentucky ? my hubby is from louisville , but has lots of family in the middle of nowhere eastern ky . 	i 'm actually in south central kentucky , about 30 minutes from tennessee , although i do like eastern kentucky a lot ! it 's a very beautiful place 
see that ? see those slime buckets ? this is why mixers are important . 	where can i find some mixers ? like group gatherings in real life ? 
the waist pack was not removed , it 's spawn is bugged on normal servers . they 're as common as normal backpacks in brs . 	suffice to say , its not available for general use . 
off topic , but , what happened to the 300 bulk belt pouches that i remember finding on the map , back in january ? 	waist pack . they are still out there . i find them all the time in br but i think they 're pretty rare on normal servers 
i read this on accident , do i have to give you 5 . 99 now 	yes . cough up , pony boy 
blunts are easier in my opinion . the paper is more sturdy , making for an even roll . 	i cannot roll a blunt , i tried for about 13 minutes last night , gave up , and then rolled a joint in like 2 seconds haha 
of course it 'll be a bad roll your first time , as is everyone else 's !  keep at it , or just buy a rolling tray edit : buy some new shoes bro ! 	def new kicks . get some galaxy vans 
you can wrap a paper around a pencil and make a empty tube , then pack it if you have no other way to smoke . but im assuming your trying to learn 	yes i am , so it is just f 'ing up a couple of them until i master the skill of rolling 
good pic considering he was having motor issues all day . 	from what i heard it was something electrical . 
or you could end up being the oilers , and extend the game by continuing to play aggressive , and ultimately allowing the bills to erase a 32 point deficit . 	they might have played differently if it was a regular season game . 
you know , even if reggie goes to a team like the patriots i would not mind a bit . i would just look forward to seeing him playing the game . 	i would hate to see him play for the patriots . any other team i 'd be fine with . 
does anyone ever actually win these ? 	if you through their previous tweets , they sent a guy a tweet saying he won the previous giveaway . 
what system is it on ? 	its all systems , its ea lol , they just have the cards appear in your trade pile . they dont need to actually trade them to you . 
its all systems , its ea lol , they just have the cards appear in your trade pile . they dont need to actually trade them to you . 	so how would someone enter ? 
america bro , the south too . but that 's a nice thing to say . i 'm getting off work now . nice to have someone to pass the time talking to . off to the bar near my job . 	aw , i wish i could join . you sound like a nice fella . 
you , a real person , just agreed with a caricature . 	it is true though . maybe it 's societal rather than biological or whatever , but there are more men at the very top of any chosen field than there are women . 
is the baby warm and covered ? yes ? then the outfit is fine 	bonus points for not requiring socks and allowing for easy diaper changes . 
i will be rolling an ad character just to come hang out with you all for the day . sounds fun . 	awesome ! most of my chars are ad , but i have an alt in each alliance . see you there !  edit : spelling 
there is not much reddit can do if they have a search warrant and a subpoena for that data . 	your right , they are going to do exactly what is asked of them , give the feds some tor exit node ips . 
still does n't change the fact that here decision was incompetent as it gets . i work in the private sector and would n't even communicate work related strategy through my own private email . 	how was using a system set up by the secret service less than the hacked multiple times dod servers they wanted them to migrate to after she left even comparable ? 
wow , then why on earth do people use spotify over something like google music ? 	spotify has a free membership , you just have to listen to ads . 
with a year you mean 5 months ? because that 's when tidal initially launched . 	beta , so half a year . either way , i love tidal , but did n't waste my time watching the press conference . 
i 'd hope that they fail if it were n't for spotify 's beyond shitty applications . as it is i just want spotify but more stable . 	spotify somehow manages to get worse with every update . their mobile app is atrocious . i get angry every time i try to use it . 
eli5 material design ? 	google 's digital design language , it 's worth looking up as it 's a very effective methodology for designing digital products . 
divorce is not the end of the world , even if you 're roman catholic . 	im not religious at all . so religion doesnt play a role on my decision making . 
the article makes the schools philosophy on the matter very clear .  are you actually reading these articles or just submitting based on titles ? some people will do anything for a little karma . 	man , you 're a grumpy cunt this afternoon are n't you ? 
vanderbilt campus ? no . but nashville ? yes sir . 	we 're done feeding the trolls ! you hate the south , we get it . vanderbilt 's still a great school , ca n't really take away from the 16th best school in the nation 
maybe . i think you need to read up on the legacy of racism in the south , the history of slavery and the american apartheid . looks like you have more reading to do than me . 	and just because these things occurred in history , you believe the south is overall a racist environment and vanderbilt should not be attended ? 
i do n't think you 're qualified to assure that . 	nuclear material gives off radiation . we are not qualified enough to have any opinion on this matter what so ever . 
its exactly the same concept - figure it takes a month to clear out anything that might be against the agreement ? you then just operate it ten months out of the year rather than twelve . 	its not . nuclear facilities are a hell of a lot harder to hide than accounting documents . this is a good deal so far and we should take it . 
its not the same concept . nuclear material and reactors are physical things that are more detectable than finances . 	its exactly the same concept - figure it takes a month to clear out anything that might be against the agreement ? you then just operate it ten months out of the year rather than twelve . 
i think bae is a worse crime against the english language . 	bae and wifey , bad .  but waifu though , good ! 
are you a female ? just asking coz as a male it 's the other way round for me . hubby , while i hate it , is at least a little bit tolerable , but wifey makes me lose my shit . 	oh true . yeah i am female . probably does make a difference . 
i hate the term hubby sooo much . wifey is also bad , but hubby is on a whole other level of bad 	are you a female ? just asking coz as a male it 's the other way round for me . hubby , while i hate it , is at least a little bit tolerable , but wifey makes me lose my shit . 
i think bae is a worse crime against the english language . 	bae is poop in dutch . remind people of this every time they use it . we can kill it together . 
i hate the term hubby sooo much . wifey is also bad , but hubby is on a whole other level of bad 	my personal is dh or dw , as dear husband or dear wife . like , what ? really ? 
yes , i 've pointed it out a few times on reddit and i always get shit for it . 	well , if it 's irrelevant to the conversation then i can see why people would find it rude . 
are you a female ? just asking coz as a male it 's the other way round for me . hubby , while i hate it , is at least a little bit tolerable , but wifey makes me lose my shit . 	hubby at least rolls off the tongue easier than husband , even if it does sound worse . 
i hate the term hubby sooo much . wifey is also bad , but hubby is on a whole other level of bad 	in my mind , wifey is a very specific porn star . 
i guess we agree on the destination , just disagree on how it got there . you make a good point .  i wish the game could be about fun again , but i do n't think it 's happening . 	i know a lot of people who play for fun . 
if this is real i will cry from laughter . this is like a fucking drama movie . who would see all these twists coming . 	it 's real lol . i 'm just happy to have my props 
it 's real lol . i 'm just happy to have my props 	you 're lucky haha . 
i do n't think any body modification should be done on children , i do n't care if it 's ear piercing or circumcision . 	this is n't a dig or anything , but i had wondered how long it 'd be before somebody would mention circumcision . i understand this viewpoint . 
just use the command to place another door on top . if you want it to be a top half , you need to put a data value of 8 for a left - hinge door or 9 for a right - hinge door . 	that worked perfectly . now i just need to find the id of one of the modded doors i want to place . thanks for helping this command block noob out . 
how can you tell that 's a jersey ? 	i do n't understand why everyone assumes this is uk gear . did someone see it ? i 've seen them burn duke gear and just regular clothes on state street or use it to light couches on fire . 
it 's the largest city not on a river . 	i always thought that indianapolis was the largest city in the country not on a body of water . 
it 's a shame . you 're supposed to support your team no matter what . these guys played a 38 - 1 season and have to go home to dicks burning their jerseys . 	i do n't even want to see their twitter mentions . uk actually won against uc and the fans still tweeted vile , racist shit at one of our players . 
moved here from louisville for grad school . i live centrally in the city and can drive 5 miles either way and be in rural kentucky . it 's pretty rural man . 	lol you ca n't describe a city as large as lexington as rural . ffs it has a giant glass tower in downtown 
you have kentucky flair but have you ever been a student ? this is a perfectly normal reaction it happens every year 	i 'm fourteen years old actually , so i 'm obviously not a uk student , just a lexington native . never in my life have i remembered people burning sweaters , maybe i 'm just uninformed ? 
lexington is not rural at all . it 's the second largest city in the state . 	moved here from louisville for grad school . i live centrally in the city and can drive 5 miles either way and be in rural kentucky . it 's pretty rural man . 
i 'm fourteen years old actually , so i 'm obviously not a uk student , just a lexington native . never in my life have i remembered people burning sweaters , maybe i 'm just uninformed ? 	yeah your uniformed i 've lived on state street for 5 years , 4 final fours . 
thats is not a jersey it looks like a vest , no idiot is burning a 120 dollar jersey 	still burning team apparel because your team went 38 - 1 is really stupid 
it 's a shame . you 're supposed to support your team no matter what . these guys played a 38 - 1 season and have to go home to dicks burning their jerseys . 	its not a jersey theres no blue , theres no numbers , no uk 
still burning team apparel because your team went 38 - 1 is really stupid 	it 's not even team apparel do you see any blue on that 
lol you ca n't describe a city as large as lexington as rural . ffs it has a giant glass tower in downtown 	my point is its very small and 5 miles either way from the giant glass tower is rural . it 's a city but a very small one . 
my wired connection worked at first but now it does n't work anymore . wireless works but man it 's way , way slower . despite being right next to the router . 	have you set your dns to google 's ? helped me get slightly higher speeds . 
i would n't if website says your pc is not compatible . i figured they all would be . 	same - i mean it 's a computer , so i should be able to tango with it until it works , but that 's another day 's work . 
i 'll tell him it 's too bad that he 's not a girl , because i 'm a lesbian and pretty good at what i do . 	would n't the male version of you be gay ? 
time to stop caring about the stats i think . 	well that 's it . stats are super subjective and only give you a rough indication of a player in general . 
are you happy with where you are in life ? if not , what would make it better ? 	its been an hour , still has n't answered . what a great ama 
sure ! how much do you want to pay ? 	wait i 'll buy a 1 up hat instead . how much do you want for it ? 
can i swing by and buy some of the classic stuff ? 	sure ! do you know how much you 'd like to pay for it ? also there is a bit of a wait if thats alright 
may i buy slate flooring ? 	sure ! how much do you want to pay ? 
i dont see you town on the list , is your gates still open ?   	ok , sorry ! it should show up now . 
i have some sweet ideas for ruined d . c . 	fallout 3 anyone ? 
the pacific ocean is something we share . i 'm sure it 's been altered by the wars . 	yes , a giant maelstrom has formed in the middle of the pacific ever sucking ships into the abyss never to be found again . 
wait , so you buy a currency which can only be used in the open beta , and lose all of that when the full game is released ? wat . 	no , you get the equivalent amount back in gold when the game is released . 
had fun with the game , auto aim turned into another 5 year olds game . dont waste ya money on the gold guys : p wait till war thunder come out with something not for kids 	you mean wait for a few more years ?  as gaijin put ships on hold 
we do n't wish to sell access to cbt , it 's not going to be part of the bundles 	also prem time and gold is split between world of tanks and world of warships ? that 's kinda lame . 
vietnam copy is still not a key . it 's a gift . 	and steam doesnt allow gifts to be sent for a few days .  edit : oh op got a key . well i dont know then 
this story is great , and well worth the read 	thank you so much : d really got into writing it . may have stretched a few details , but heck , most stories tbm 's tell already have been stretched quite a bit lol . 
yeah , if you think great gatsby was n't spicy , you need to reevaluate your life choices . 	seriously . the book may have a slow start but it 's called the great gatsby for a reason . find a good audio version or watch the movie afterwards and you get a whole new appreciation for it . 
i need to start playing the sims . 	same . i did n't know it could be this fun . 
i guess i 'm the only one that likes the khezu weapon designs : c 	no : p 
always got a window seat ! thinking about 150 mics , sunglasses , and head phones ! people can think im weird if they want but i 'll just dress classy and not talk to people 	better hope you do n't have to pee 50 times and piss off the people sitting next to you 
always got a window seat ! thinking about 150 mics , sunglasses , and head phones ! people can think im weird if they want but i 'll just dress classy and not talk to people 	sounds good then ! enjoy and good vibes man ! blast some eyes of the world . : d 
thanks ! i think my current level does n't require me to upgrade a barrel yet , but maybe later down the road ? 	yeah sure , man . i stuck with the stock barrel for well over a year before switching , and it 's certainly a better - than - average stock barrel . 
i shop online because i know how to determine what i want and i do n't need a shop to help me .  he helped you though so it 's your call . 	that 's my thought i feel like i kinda owe him for helping me out and i 'd like to get help with my coil builds . i just do n't know how much is too much . 
i rode the street 750 and it reminds me of the old kz bikes from the 80s style wise .  they are n't bad . fairly barebones and a great intro price point . a bit on the small side . 	i ca n't wait to buy one for cheap on craigslist in a few years and cafe the shit out of it . 
i rode the street 750 and it reminds me of the old kz bikes from the 80s style wise .  they are n't bad . fairly barebones and a great intro price point . a bit on the small side . 	yeah i figure you 'll see a lot of them turned cafe or tracker because they share that 80 's look . 
congrats ! just make sure to replace that front brake system asap .  otherwise , you got yourself a cool little bike .  did you have to fill out tax documents for the prize ? 	what 's wrong with the brakes ?  just had to pay pst on the bike . 
shy of 500 pounds on it too which is appealing , you could probably easily shed a substantial amount more too if you wanted . 	there is n't much on there to chop ; pulling the pipes and going bob might help but i do n't think it 'd drop too much .  easier to hit the gym and lose some weight , you fatty . 
i 'm not sure that i agree with their premise , but did we really need an ad for a sam company to try to make the point ? 	i was just hit with a sam audit . have n't even opened the attachment yet , but i need to get working on it . 
i 'm sad for non - football fans that they do n't realize how funny making drew bledsoe the author is . i 'm also sad for non - football fans because football . 	they 're running with the ball !  they 're tackling eachother !  woohoo brain damage !  look that one got old and has als !  they 're running with the ball again ! 
is this a legit book ? 	yes . the author is the former quarterback for the patriots . 
do n't worry kid , a handful of hollywood celebrities living the dream are going to roll around and set you straight . 	yeah it totally gets better . bullies will get bored and move on . then you 'll get cancer . 
cool , i 'm in with a chance .  what kind of numbers are you looking for ? bearing in mind tomorrow is the last day to get them in the uk , i believe . 	i 'm thinking of an integer between 1 and 20000 
i do understand , but then a negative stereotype is being fulfilled by op observing another negative stereotype being fulfilled . there 's no point in bringing it up , that 's all i mean . 	so op is being stereotypical by being angry that someone is fulfilling a negative one ? 
for the love if god , do n't eat the cookie 	too late , i 'm now watching his parents have sex . 
who are the other people in the office ? why are there other people in there ? are they funhaus too ? 	since rooster teeth is part of fullscreen and they 're part of rooster teeth , they 're part of fullscreen . they 're in a fullscreen office . 
if a dragon were to appear and start attacking the fun haus headquarters what would be your weapon of choice to fight it off ? 	what kind of dragon ? surely you would not want to use a fire sword vs . a red dragon ! 
if you were stuck in a room for a year and were allowed to bring any 3 games with you , what would you choose ? 	no mans sky , just cause 3 and the new mad max game 
yeah , thought the same . they go smallest - to - highest - max - number instead of least - to - greatest - significance . 	that 's the most logical explanation i heard for a system that 's still entirely illogical . 
kinda disappointed they could n't even bust out a new cinematic . it 's just the same reused video with the incorrect nova heroic and the diablo 3 diablo when the one in game is the d2 one . 	precision strike is kind of like a nuclear launch , maybe they should change it 
yes . i know in other languages it 's different . but in other parts of the world in english it 's still june 20 2015 not 20 june 2015 	yeah i know and agree . it was n't meant as a critic . i find it funny how in french it does n't sound that formal but that it sounds weird in english . 
do n't hold your breath on that . it 's the starcraft 2 engine and old replays require you to load an old version of the game to view . 	so they do work , just not without a loading screen . 
what 's with the retarded date format . 	why go from smallest to largest unit when you can confuse the fuck out of the rest of the world . 
no point of nice roads if there is no cars to drive on them . 	i guess you never read the road . 
kinda disappointed they could n't even bust out a new cinematic . it 's just the same reused video with the incorrect nova heroic and the diablo 3 diablo when the one in game is the d2 one . 	it costs too much t make new models . they just used the ones they already had , there 's no new models in this video . and it 's good looking 
eventually it will , but that all depends on influx of skill levels . so hopefully we get more seasoned moba players . 	yes , obviously it wo n't make the high level players matchmaking better right away until some of the new players get to that level . 
please enlighten me , which new hero was created since dota 2 was launched ? 	the fact you think dota2 was a straight port of dota is fucking ignorance personified . valve upgraded the source engine itself to code the game . 
bit sooner than anyone expected if i 'm honest . 	agreed , game still needs a lot of work on the backend 
kinda disappointed they could n't even bust out a new cinematic . it 's just the same reused video with the incorrect nova heroic and the diablo 3 diablo when the one in game is the d2 one . 	its a pc game . cinematics are made to be pretty and do n't reflect on the gameplay well . yes , the mistakes are silly , but minuscule . maybe we 'll get a new log in video on release day ? 
yep , from functions and features perspective , i feel this game need quite some work .  it is certainly playable . but things like reconnect , pause , and replay need quite a bit of touch . 	the game does feel oddly clunky . needs some rework on the talents . they should interact more to reward players a little bit more . 
we did n't become number one in the world using the rest of the worlds retarded system . so what 's that say about you guys ? 	every architect , scientist , heck , even the guys at nasa uses the metric fucking system .   
its not america , just north america , because america is a continent , and in south america we use the normal date format . 	if north america and south america are one continent , why do n't you consider europe and asia one continent ? 
which probably means patch on the 19th of may and patch on the 2nd of june .  if we get a hero at the end of heroes of the dorm that means 3 new heroes by launch . i hope . 	in reality expect one hero to release before launch . 
the game wo n't play smooth on surface pro 3 or macbook air .  time to get some serious rigs . the game work perfectly on my old 5 year old windows laptop . 	good for you bro . the game works like crap on my 3 year old pc . 
bit sooner than anyone expected if i 'm honest . 	yep , from functions and features perspective , i feel this game need quite some work .  it is certainly playable . but things like reconnect , pause , and replay need quite a bit of touch . 
doubt they gonna put huge content before release . map might come with release with several diablo chars . but to put a lot of things before will make release content disappointing . 	yeah i think one more hero it 's a safe bet ! 
it says on the news post that the game will launch with 7 maps so i would n't count on having a new map by then . maybe we 'll get a new diablo hero before then though . 	no way to know to then , but we can hope . my original prediction for the next map was august , but we did n't know the launch date then . 
sesame street . next thing you 'll know big bird is split pushing your top so hard , you actually lost the game on that split push . 	elmo mid , as tank , your swords and arrows only tickle him . he laughs at your efforts to kill him . 
no you did n't , do n't lie . what kinda street is this ? you phony 	sesame street . next thing you 'll know big bird is split pushing your top so hard , you actually lost the game on that split push . 
i really hope they do some performance improvements before the launch because right now it 's really poorly optimized and i personally stopped playing until they improve it . 	the game wo n't play smooth on surface pro 3 or macbook air .  time to get some serious rigs . the game work perfectly on my old 5 year old windows laptop . 
sylvanas feels like a recent addition to me . and i play quite a bit every day . maybe i 'm just patient . 	i said news , not heroes .  edit : you 're right that she is the newest addition but i was hoping to at least know the next hero even if it did n't include a release time frame . 
true . i do n't expect the diablo map for a while , so that might come with the launch instead of a hero . 	it says on the news post that the game will launch with 7 maps so i would n't count on having a new map by then . maybe we 'll get a new diablo hero before then though . 
what is wrong with he draft client for custom games ? 	it 's unusable for tournaments . does n't allow bans , ca n't pick red or blue side , and no pick trading . 
an american company using the american system of writing dates ? inconceivable ! 	i 'm not saying that . courtesy is to use name of the month instead of number . if it 's not obvious . 
holy shit , you should chill out . waiting to meet them with a knife ? seriously ? 	did you even finish reading the post ? the edit ? or did you get to that paragraph and abandon ship ? 
have you had a talk with her sober yet ? 	no , she went to work before i woke up enough to talk to her . 
you can understand how one would make that assumption though right ?  but i 'm glad to hear you guys were finally able to communicate through this issue , and i wish you both the best ! 	yeah i can completely understand the assumption , just trying to make sure the correct information is out there if it is applicable .  thank you ! 
you use a power brake on a mark v ? that amp sounds killer at bedroom volume already . 	you 're right . you can easily lower the wattage on each of the channels which is great . 
you should get a 90 degree out for the ditto . it 'll bother me forever 	i 've been meaning to buy the plug for it , but i 've been lazy about it . i 'll order one this week and solder it on this weekend . 
those stacks are made of the stuff of dreams , i wish to become a stack god one day also . 	all kings apparel has them for a really good price and it 's 15 oz raw japanese denim 
can you elaborate ? i feel like i see people rave about his stuff a lot ; why do you dislike it ? 	he has 0 direction as a designer and his shit is mad overpriced . quality is n't that great . 
he has 0 direction as a designer and his shit is mad overpriced . quality is n't that great . 	man , that 's a bummer to hear . i 'll definitely agree with you on the pricing , but i quite like a few of his designs , so it 's disappointing to hear they 're not up to snuff . 
you feel up your clothes while you sleep ? 	not even going to lie , sometimes if i wake up middle of the night i touch the lining of that jacket bc it is just so fucking soft 
coke because it tastes better and does n't leave a bad aftertaste 	how does it taste better ? 
so the plate could have always said no and walked away . she choose to be with nightwing , and choose to disregard her boyfriend when she met up with him . 	true , but if her bb goes nuts whose going to be blamed ? we can present all the logic to bb but he wo n't care . 
age 16 should be for drinking .  age 18 should be for voting .  age 19 should be for driving . 	except if you read the article you 'd see the driver was 40 . 
wow man ! thats crazy high ! i really loved the ending how you at first held back then went full throttle ! you sound abit like adam lambert ! 	this stream is just too funny . rofl 
i guess that kinda makes sense , but i doubt the online is shut down . it usually takes a lot longer for them to completely pull the plug on old games . 	cod4 servers are still plenty populated . 
is call of duty a zombie game ? last i checked it was a world war game 	the fuck are you talking about ? 
damn , what do you play on ? 	i used to play on xbox 360 . i stopped playing around the time bf4 came out and i have since sold my xbox 360 . it 's sad and i wish i had it still for games like that . 
same , bumper jumper is crucial , took 2 days to get used to 	took me probably a week to finally stop switching to my primary when i wanted to jump , but after that i am a much better player 
had a lapse in mental calculations but it fires between 3 . 2 - 3 . 8 depending on battery life so still higher than 30 but not quite 60 	weird . a mechanical mod that does n't fire 4 . 2 volts . even egos do . 
yeah i really struggle with it , i 'm good with snake on the stage but my recovery with him is dreadful 	he does require a bit of skill to survive , but keep at it . snake is deadly in the right hands . 
i 'm pretty sure i seen this in the pick up line thread earlier . nevertheless , a brilliant line . whether i have the balls to pull that off is something else entirely . 	guilty as charged . i think its pretty smooth and was even considering using it once i 'm back on my feet and can hangout with the girl i like . 
yup . autocorrect 	i 'm fluent in typo , man . i got your back . 
the art of manliness presents : how to cook a marshmallow . 	with guy fieri . 
foods you can cook on a stick : anything that 's food and that 'll stay on the damn stick . you can thank me later ! 	my popsicle is ruined ! you monster ! 
i love that map ! but - should n't the hitchhikers be blue ? 	there 's a version floating around that has them and the violet hand , i just shared the one the rebellion was using . 
i do n't think anyone knows for sure . my personal theory is that he 's a homeless guy who creeped dayton into hiring him . might know something dayton does n't want us to know . 	he 's the tour guide of the hall of fame ! take that tour if you have n't , he 's really knowledgable and can answer almost any question you might have . 
we have n't called him in more than a decade ? the giants are great at ex ignoring , i guess . 	not even a drunk dial when eli was going through a stretch of ints . 
i would n't have cut them a check and left the food there . you do n't let delivery drivers fuck with you , i 'm pretty sure even in that case . i could be wrong though . 	we were idiots . and now that i think about it i think we refused to pay until we collected our stuff , which we still did ourselves because we were idiots . it was a learning experience . 
i swear i 've seen video or heard audio on this one . but ca n't find it at the moment . 	if you find it , i will personally give you gold .  i swears it . 
i truly am , thank you for noticing . i feel validated and can now die peacefully and fulfilled . 	you 're a really bad troll . 
not really . the option year is only guaranteed in case of injury . if he just under - performs , we could cut him after this season with no dead money . 	so what 's the downside of it ? for example , why not pick it up on doug martin ? 
your parents not only bought you a car but paid for the gas ? i hope you call them a lot when you leave home . 	my next comment , i paid for everything and even paid back the value of the car and helped support the family when money was tight . 
depends on your daycare cost . i know my daycare cost will be more than college . 	yeah , i did n't take that into consideration after 2 we figured it would n't be worth my wife working so she stays home with all 3 . 
do n't forget sports . do you play sports ? 	i played football , and captained the powerlifting team , both can get pricey 
i played football , and captained the powerlifting team , both can get pricey 	yep , that is what we are finding with three kids ; cheer - leading , soccer and basketball . even focusing on a sport can get pricey . 
yep , that is what we are finding with three kids ; cheer - leading , soccer and basketball . even focusing on a sport can get pricey . 	just pray they do n't go club 
it 's a proven system . if you can walk through , by your cheap crap , and get it built at home while staying together than you are ready to take on the world together . 	agreed . my wife and i joke all the time how our book case was the make or break of our relationship . the next thing we bought , our bed , we hired them to put it together lol ! 
lightning is awesome . it is lightweight , fast , material design , auto colors website 's headers , and does n't use much battery .  link me : lightning browser . 	how is the battery life compared to chrome ? 
naked browser , i ca n't believe the dev is getting away with such a terrible ui because he is - it 's frankly great .  link me : naked browser 	i 've honestly been thinking about just making an icon and emailing it to the dev for free because the icon is so amazingly awful . 
chrome is stable and tested , chrome beta is 6 weeks ahead and has beta test features . chrome dev is 12 weeks ahead and is buggy but you get bleeding edge features 	should also mention that chrome dev seems to have already incorporated the new scrolling method . that alone has change chrome from clunky to very fast . 
i 'd stick with opera . have tried a lot of other browsers , but none felt as comfortable as opera . performance is great . speed dial also . 	also the new update adds tab sync which is a game changer . 
yeah i have to fix this soon , i hear you . for now , you can just swipe down when at the top of the page and it will hide , swipe again to show it . 	woah a developer , awesome ! i have this issue too , but i just turned it off for now . great browser 
i use opera for text wrap and lightning for ad blocking . opera mostly for pages and forums that do n't have a mobile optimized version . 	lightning is the browser with the best ux i 've seen . i prefer hosts file blocking for ads . 
i 'm fairly certain he 's posted on reddit before stating that he liked the terrible icon and would n't change it . 	some people make great products and terrible decisions . naked dev is one of those people . 
chrome . i know it 's kind of a battery and ram hog , but it just feels more intuitive than other browsers i 've tried . also the pull down to refresh is awesome . 	i really like the slide down tabs gesture . 
lightning is awesome . it is lightweight , fast , material design , auto colors website 's headers , and does n't use much battery .  link me : lightning browser . 	this became my go - to browser after the material update . it 's nice , fast and easy . 
is n't that just the aosp browser ? just curious 	i 'm not sure how much is aosp code there , and how much is cm . probably just aosp , yeah . 
i 'd stick with opera . have tried a lot of other browsers , but none felt as comfortable as opera . performance is great . speed dial also . 	i thought i was the only member in this club .  link me : opera browser 
do n't a ton of apps require play services ? 	i 'd imagine stuff from the play store does but since i do n't use it i do n't find it a problem , nothing on f - droid needs play services . 
this browser is pretty useless to me until they implement some sort of save tabs feature when the browser is closed , crashes or u reboot my phone . 	i can see that being an issue . the sites i go to are bookmarked and i refresh them regardless . 
i did n't realize there were multiple versions of chrome . whats different about it ? 	chrome is stable and tested , chrome beta is 6 weeks ahead and has beta test features . chrome dev is 12 weeks ahead and is buggy but you get bleeding edge features 
old photo , not cool breh 	i 'm sorry jim . it 's only a few weeks old and i 'm in an unflattering work polo . 
see , i disagree . i 'm with ars on this : the surface is a nice little device now . 	yeah , if you want to run non touch optimized windows desktop apps on it . 
download some books on tape . i find this to be more enjoyable than listening to music on long road trips . have fun ! 	i came here to say this and also podcasts . this american life is a good one . 
subsidize the hell out of them , help them take out that op monstrosity .  also , that sicily 	italy 's been hilarious all game , the papal states used to own most of it . 
italy 's been hilarious all game , the papal states used to own most of it . 	how did sicily of all countries end up taking them out ? italy never ceases to amaze me , i ca n't wait to play there in the new expansion . 
is it just me or did the woman in the second picture give birth too recently to be considered a ham ? 	that child is a year old . she 's had plenty of time . 
lol look at the joke author smart one . 	oh my god . i feel so dumb 
one interesting story , spread across eleven pages . 	11 pages and a bunch of fucking full screen ads on mobile that you ca n't click away without waiting 10 seconds for them to do their full animation . fuck . 
one interesting story , spread across eleven pages . 	what a stupid website . jesus . i quit reading it 3 pages in . so i almost read a paragraph . 
are you riding fixed ? if not , that 's a lot of pedal strike for someone who can coast . 	i get this in city riding . sometimes you have to pedal round corners when pulling away , and if you are n't careful to lean your bike , you pedal strike . 
what age are you ? 	mid - 20s . yes i know i should n't be at home anymore , i 'm working on it . i do n't have a job right now . 
gonna say what i say every time you post here .  please . see . a . therapist . 	this is excellent advice ; please do n't take it personally . most of us could stand for some therapy every decade or so . 
google maps is pretty shoddy for anything but driving nav . 	i disagree . the map engine as a whole is pretty nifty . 
he 's like messi . curry is going to play his game , not flop and do what it takes to make his team better and in a position to win . 	love the cross - sports comparison . messi , as opposed to ronaldo : d 
i have some friends who would totally benefit from that . free on the play store with a nice material ui , that could be a success . 	that 's my plan exactly ! 
personally , i think talking hindi in the office is unprofessional . this is a workplace ffs . 	but it 's the language of it 
not in front of local customers on purpose no . 	really , there are customers walking around the office of a large it company ? 
personally , i think talking hindi in the office is unprofessional . this is a workplace ffs . 	i 'm assuming all the australians who work abroad never talk to their friends in english , right ? they exclusively use the local language ? 
umm , i think that 's more racist , not less . 	are you sure you know what racism is ? 
because other people will feel uncomfortable that they could n't understand what you were talking about . people might think you were talking about them behind their back . 	if you were in a foreign country working with a heap of aussies would you speak english ? 
i 'm assuming all the australians who work abroad never talk to their friends in english , right ? they exclusively use the local language ? 	if i lived and worked in china i would speak chinese at work . 
ibaka has like 0 post game to speak of . ibaka can only do one thing on offense which is catch and shoot . he 's not even a good off - ball cutting player either . 	but that is perfect for the cavs . they do n't use love 's post game at all . he often just camps out at the corners and comes in to grab rebounds 
i 'm surprised no one has also pointed out that you do n't retrieve your voice mail via a tape reel these days either . 	or that e - mail does n't come in an envelope 
that 's the icon which says you 're running out of disk space . it 's not an app , its a picture of a hard disk drive . 	thanks a lot . i thought it was an app icon . i 'm looking for ideas for an app logo , and i thought it looked interesting 
maybe i 'm wrong , but it looks like the icon that used to appear when there is not enough memory left . it used to be like this icon in a samsung i had in the past . 	that 's it . only that it 's not memory but storage space . 
that 's the icon which says you 're running out of disk space . it 's not an app , its a picture of a hard disk drive . 	ha , i thought it was supposed to be a record player , and assumed maybe it was some sort of music related app . 
maybe i 'm wrong , but it looks like the icon that used to appear when there is not enough memory left . it used to be like this icon in a samsung i had in the past . 	i was thinking the same thing , my old htc had it too . 
depends on the condition , i suppose . 	i have n't looked in quite awhile , i just remember my wii being worth so little there was no point in selling it . 
i think you are allowed to use the f - word in here . 	i think auto - correct had something to do with it . 
and by the way mississippi is no longer the most obese state , it is now colorado . look it up . and general income possibly , education we are no longer at the bottom . 	some where i read while ms has large people the reason it was named the fat state was because people were honest about there weight . unlike those lying mid western fatty 's . 
1 million ? 	100 billion dollars . 
i think you are allowed to use the f - word in here . 	it 's an auto - correct program . 
alabama actually has towns and cities . rural georgia and rural mississippi are barren . 	huntsville is a great progressive scientific city . nasa anyone ?   
me three . i narrowly dodged a bullet by getting engaged and pregnant to an absolute nutjob . he was wonderful and then one day just lost his shit .  never getting married , ever . 	i 'm supposed to get married in november , almost 11 years together . i just do n't want to fuck it up . 
he punched your fucking cat ? i would have murdered him  	hit me , and i 'll be pissed . hit my cat , and they 'll never find your body . 
11 years ? you both clearly love each other and put in effort . you 'll be fine . unless one of you drastically changes into a completely different person suddenly . 	d :  i did lose 130 pounds , he likes to eat and i 'm trying to eat healthier . i 'm a little different . 
he punched your fucking cat ? i would have murdered him  	i very rarely met a cat i do n't want to punch . or kick 
i 'm not american too . but mississippi people can be pretty mean , i know that for sure . 	i 've lived in mississippi for the past 2 years . it 's the worst place i 've ever been , and i 'm from arkansas .  moving to texas in 2 months . i ca n't fucking wait . 
nah , stick your dick in crazy all you like . just do n't get it pregnant and marry it . 	yes , this . i 'm pretty sure everything i 've ever stuck mine is has been crazy . 
you know i know this is gonna be really hard to believe , but there are some people out there whos families actually mean everything to them 	and it 's nice that you show them that by giving them control over your life without having the independence to make decisions for yourself . the rest of us choose to be adults . 
i 've lived in mississippi for the past 2 years . it 's the worst place i 've ever been , and i 'm from arkansas .  moving to texas in 2 months . i ca n't fucking wait . 	arkansas is n't too bad , well as long as you 're in northwest arkansas source : live in fayetteville . 
reddit loves cats . many people are split on them , i personally think they are just assholes , all they ever do is plotting to fuck shit up and then go through with it . 	used to be , it 's become a dog - people - site though . 
they generally just put those people in solitary .  source : i work with a convicted felon . great dude . 	for how long ? cause i 'd imagine a week would n't make them regret it enough . 
huntsville is a great progressive scientific city . nasa anyone ?   	my dad 's from alabama and says that huntsville is one of the two decent cities in that state . the other is auburn . 
fuck , i 'm scared now . 	me three . i narrowly dodged a bullet by getting engaged and pregnant to an absolute nutjob . he was wonderful and then one day just lost his shit .  never getting married , ever . 
just put false information then , that 's how i do it 	you need to give a phone number and i do n't have one to give . 
so the real question to ask in this video is : how was reggie playing that donkey kong country ? 	the real question is why did he stretch the image 16 : 9 ? pet peeve of mine 4 : 3 for life ! 
reggie , 2015 : trains on a virtual boy reggie , 2014 : lights mother 3 fan on fire 	there 's still time for him to light more people on fire . 
the virtual boy segment gave me a good chuckle . probably training to adapt to eye strain . 	i was kinda surprised they did n't have him pull back from it and have his eyes bleeding . 
i thought so too but both of those carts are pat the nes punk 's legit carts .  he actually was on an episode of pawn stars with them as well . 	until he destroys it , that one was a zelda cart 
it was more a complaint about the video than him . 	why the hell would you expect a new game announcement in what is essentially an announcement video for new game announcements ? 
damn that one is old . it also ruins the magic when you realise that mom ingame is just the game randomly sending you stuff . 	i had n't considered that it could have been game mom . i do n't think it was , though .  game mom says some weird shit . 
so the real question to ask in this video is : how was reggie playing that donkey kong country ? 	banana om nom digestion - motion controller confirmed for virtual console 
the next metroid needs to be super metroid levels of special to wash away the stain of other m . if another year of development is what it takes , then take another year . 	having a new first person adventure metroid made by retro will just be enough to remove other m from our minds . 
i wonder if they 're going to make physical copies of the championships again , only to become the next holy grail for game collectors . 	gold wiiu disc and case . yes please . 
idk i have issue with the xbox as well sometimes you have to reset it and things work , i guess because you never really turn off the xbox it gets filled up with info 	just tried hard reset . no change for me . guess i 'll try again tomorrow . 
no , you can grind them out as much as you like . i think extra sif will make them drop faster . they drop randomly from mobs and i think a guaranteed one on bosses . 	nice , ty for reply . 
great idea ! i 'm sure she 'll be less self conscious after you post her picture on the internet for a bunch of strange men to masturbate to and say things like they want to pee in her butt . 	i 'd pee on her butt , but not in it . that 'd be plain weird ! 
you have no sense of humor , and i lament that . 	your shit was n't funny , bro . 
is anyone else with comcast getting fs1 on fox sports ? i 'm showing college baseball on fsn and marlins on fs1 on the menu but fs1 is actually playing on fsn and some mma thing on fs1 . 	yep , some weird kinda shit going on . dumb broadcasters too 
the best part about today is this dude decides to hit his first career home run and make it a grand slam . 	what i always do to quell my own misery : be happy for that guy .   
how many left on base today ? this guy came in with a 4 . 28 era and we ca n't scrap together more than 2 runs 	7 so far . will probably end up with more than 10 at this rate . 
is anyone else with comcast getting fs1 on fox sports ? i 'm showing college baseball on fsn and marlins on fs1 on the menu but fs1 is actually playing on fsn and some mma thing on fs1 . 	yep , some weird kinda shit going on . dumb broadcasters too 
apparently wood did n't learn his lesson with stanton 's first ab 	looked like he his spot . outside part of the plate . but stanton can hit it pretty much anywhere . 
what is there in the way of actual facts that indicates his innocence ? 	just the fact that he was n't at the murder or the burial . 
absolutely . completely true . but those things do n't make him innocent . so people can argue them all they want , it wo n't change me from guilty to innocent . 	fair enough , but for other people those are important considerations . 
where is bill murray in dumb and dumber ? 	he 's the meth making flatmate that harry has to get in to cover lloyd 's rent 
the ghost pepper one is amazing ! 	i do n't really like it that much . the flavor is somewhat decent and the heat is great but i just wish i liked the flavor more . 
i agree it cant be all about don . but if your close friend seems like he could hurt himself , i think that deserves more than a 30 second thought 	i mean , what is she supposed to do about it ? drop everything and chase after him ? she 's not don . 
i finished the semester and so this is going to be a week of ordinary joy : chess , coffee , reading , meditating , running , music . 	how is the meditation thing working for you ?  some advise if i wanted to give it a try ? 
do you have a beach or lake near you or do you plan on going to a swimming pool ? 	our community has a pool , and the ocean is 30 min . away 
it 's not like people have known for over well over 30 years that sharing needles can kill you .  i do feel sorry for those that caught it from people they trusted at home . 	i do feel sorry for you . you really must have no one in your life besides yourself . 
ok . i 'll be on in a couple hours . 	sorry , i had to work last night . i will be on for the next 5 hours if you are available then . 
a move being a sex kick does n't have any relevance to breaking combos . it just has to come out quickly 	what ?  i 've seen luigi 's sex kick break mario 's up - b shenanigans .  that is all that i meant . perhaps there is a better term for it i am unaware of . 
the human mind has this way of noticing all the places it lines up , and ignoring all the places it does n't . 	what about the wink though ? did you watch till that part ? 
and yet they blame men far and above blaming other women . 	womyn stand in solidarity . womyn would never hurt other women . the only womyn who hurt other womyn suffer from internalized misogyny .  i 've cracked the case . 
love the wavy texture on the dial . 	funny how peoples tastes differ . i dislike the wave dial , just copying the sea master pro 300 . 
who takes a selfie of their clam ? i know she was probably just trying to show off her shorts , but she has to know that it still kind of weird . i am not complaining however . 	she 's a lovely person but she is basically the product of a council estate . sometimes that shows . 
thanks for taking the time . always fun to see other people organize opinions about these things . i always enjoy reading . 	thank you sir . means a lot coming from you . sometimes i am hesitant to post articles on here as the natives can be savage but tried to put some effort into it . 
i would say buy online , sit in the grass , and bring cash for drinks . cash lines seem to be quicker . if it 's not raining i 'll probably be there . 	bringing cash is definitely key if you do n't want to stand in long lines . you can just walk up to any of the guys carrying big buckets of beer around the park . 
 artist has such a loose definition these days . you can microwave something , call yourself an artist and sell it for 20x what it 's worth . 	you could probably pee on something and make a nice profit . 
any burn center nurses present ? 	i used to literally be a burn nurse , lol . 
yea actually , desk jobs tend to do that . 	so does working night shift . 
so does working night shift . 	really ? i guess you 're less active on a night shift . 
really ? i guess you 're less active on a night shift . 	eating and sleeping at odd hours more than activity level . 
so just stick with the honda warranty and leave it at that ? 	best way to go . these warranties are just made to extract money from consumers who are careless . avoid them at any cost . 
so just stick with the honda warranty and leave it at that ? 	yup . no point in buying that extra dealer crap imo 
1 tod and 5 cards for space marine ? 	sure , thanks for the trade ! 
what actually is this ? is it a program or a game ? 	there 's a youtuber op took the content from called hyper . i think there was something similar a few days ago of a really long shotgun shell that inspired this post . 
in so much as it happened , i agree . it 's origin and cause are still unknown , we 're still working on that part . 	yeah , that 's what i meant . i know there 's still a lot of mystery surrounding it , but that it did in fact happen .  i cannot wait until we learn more . 
well people have already said evolution , so i 'll say the big bang theory . 	sheldon 's mother referred to evolution as an opinion on the big bang theory . 
sheldon 's mother referred to evolution as an opinion on the big bang theory . 	and everyone clapped thinking it was a great comeback . 
very true . other than that all your flavors are amazing . i order twice a month and love it each time 	i 'm glad to hear that ! which ones are your favorites ? 
get his ass served for back pay . you are owed your child support , even now . 	his mother would be owed the back pay in child support . 
terrible pod .  attention adam and all other parents : your kids are not cute or amusing . they suck and are annoying . 	yes please the carolla digital employees who lurk here , please tell adam we do n't want to hear from his fucking kids . i will not bother downloading this episode or any other with his kids . 
no , in this case something was most definitely not better than nothing . that show was horrid . i 'd much rather hear a rerun of a good episode from the past . 	nothing is stopping you from listening to a rerun . 
i think the point there would be to not have a live episode during a party . 	yeah , just started listening . why have a podcast during a party during a super bowl house party wtf . 
big hips refers to the bone structure . not to be confused with a fat ass , which i love ! 	ah , a fellow ass man . how do you do my good sir ? 
well , i was referring to corset , but could be lifting ! just my guess . 	okay that i 've heard of . just curious if there was other ways i had n't heard . as a dude my waist got tiny at first then thick as fuck when i got to bigger weights . 
there are obese people who live to 80 ? 	medication and science are wonderful things . even when they come from those evil , fat shaming doctors . 
the cervix is a muscle , i think you meant pelvis . 	the cervix is n't actually made of muscle . it 's basically just a fleshy tube connecting uterus to vagina . 
yes , in normal sized people . in obeasts the organs may well be a bit larger due to the excess fatty tissue . that would be terrifying . 	i was mostly referring to the fact that obese people 's hearts are often enlarged thanks to having to pump so much harder . 
yes , i 've heard about this woman . she keeps her spleen and pancreas in a box and only uses them once a week . takes dedication . 	i think there 's a tax write off for that . smart girl as well . and she managed that without any fat to protect her brain ! 
because i 'm going to listen to someone who 's brain dead , right ? 	banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour . 
hey have you ever tried fighting a fat dude . it 's like fighting against someone with pillows all over them your hand just sinks in . 	i imagine it 's like when you try to punch someone in a dream 
yes ! pizza contains dairy , vegetables , meat and grain so it 's practically a health food ! 	man , when you put it that way , i do n't know why i ever eat anything else . 
to be fair , when i lost weight it started to hurt when i sat on flat wooden benches .  but i was happy because i lost weight . fuck benches . 	i 've heard this before but since i 've been thin all my life i do n't notice it hurting when i sit on hard surfaces . is this over a period of 15 minutes or is it instantly ? just curious . 
and , having big hips is favorable for bearing children , in humans . the cervix is bigger , and there are less complications at birth .  so has biology taught me . 	big hips refers to the bone structure . not to be confused with a fat ass , which i love ! 
til my beer belly is a healthy organ cushion . better go eat more pizzas . 	yes ! pizza contains dairy , vegetables , meat and grain so it 's practically a health food ! 
momentum would be roughly same for fat person and thin one but there would be major difference in force of impact . edit : turns out this is not correct . 	somebody scored poorly in physics . 
well if you get fat enough , you do n't fall and hit the ground , you just start rolling and keep rolling - no impact at all . 	there is a danger that your gravity well will become so deep that you attract heavy objects into yourself . 
she is curvy . most planets think that curvy means having a stack of parentheses on each side of your body 	you can have a stack of parentheses , but the middle set are inverted 
did you know babies have no organs ? there 's just no room . they come in later , like permanent teeth . 	wow . i ca n't believe you actually think that . babies had baby organs that are smaller than ours . they lose these baby organs as they age and grow new , bigger ones . 
do n't worry . i do n't think any of us are planning on using it to perform surgery . we 're just here to laugh at fatlogic . 	true , but if this false image affects how we feel about things , it would be better to base our feelings off of reality rather than create strawmen 
and , having big hips is favorable for bearing children , in humans . the cervix is bigger , and there are less complications at birth .  so has biology taught me . 	is the cervix actually bigger or is there just more room to squeeze the baby out ? childbirth freaks me the fuck out . 
did you know babies have no organs ? there 's just no room . they come in later , like permanent teeth . 	that 's why it 's fine if you get childhood diabetes . you just fucked up your baby pancreas . you get an adult one later on to replace it . it 's like nature 's mulligan . 
it 's hard to fathom just how much disconnect there is between these people and their own bodies . how can you not know how your body works to that degree ? 	every time i hear a story of someone who did n't know they were pregnant until the baby comes out i 'm a little stunned . 
did you know babies have no organs ? there 's just no room . they come in later , like permanent teeth . 	i was born with a full head of teeth . 
it 's hard to fathom just how much disconnect there is between these people and their own bodies . how can you not know how your body works to that degree ? 	did you know babies have no organs ? there 's just no room . they come in later , like permanent teeth . 
check out her instagram . someone linked it in the comments somewhere . she 's fit as fuck . 	but if he makes a claim we have to disprove it . that 's how arguments work . 
oh god i 'm so alone . women are such whores why do n't they love me . why ca n't girls realize i love them when i say nothing ? i wish i was a japanese high school student ! 	you either stay unnoticed by senpai or you live long enough to become senpai . 
oh . okay . so it will die again in about a week and a half . 	not if kids keep contracting illnesses that were almost non - existent in our young population just a few short years ago . 
why should n't muslims think for their interests ? obviously bjp is known to disregard minority interests in this country ! 	alright . same thing applies for hindus . they must think of their interest and vote only for bjp . 
atleast from my fb feed all my muslim friends are voting for ak . 	what else to expect from muslims except to convert every country they live in , into pakistan in the name of secularism and then run away to canada or britain . 
i 'm pretty sure foam and a fan does n't affect magnetic fields to a noticeable degree 	air gap does , though . 
please tell me that 's a magnet 	are n't the hdds normally directly behind that ? i hope it 's not a strong magnet .  edit : also placing a cup on top of your case . op pls this is triggering me 
he was being sarcastic as well , lol . 	doing sarcasm on the internet is hard . 
that is the most beautiful case i 've ever seen in my life . 	nzxt h440 , its a hella quiet mid size case thats pretty popular due to its design and available color schemes . 
nzxt h440 , its a hella quiet mid size case thats pretty popular due to its design and available color schemes . 	nzxt in general make , in my eyes , the best line of cases . 
i 'm pretty sure foam and a fan does n't affect magnetic fields to a noticeable degree 	hdds have an extremely powerful rare earth magnet in them already , a little crappy clip wo n't do crap . 
you guys still use the magnetic stripe of the card ? 	in the us ? all the fucking time . i did n't even have a chip on my card until lately . even then , it 's still not chip - and - pin 
haha do n't worry , there is plenty of foam padding and a 120mm fan between my money clip and the hdd , also cup is forsure empty , i would never ever do that to my rig ! 	that table it 's standing on does n't appear to be the most stable one . i 've had a similar one for my tv for a while and it just bend to the left , nearly breaking my tv . 
are n't the hdds normally directly behind that ? i hope it 's not a strong magnet .  edit : also placing a cup on top of your case . op pls this is triggering me 	living life on the edge . 
air gap does , though . 	and the fan will blow away the magnetic field . duh . 
are n't the hdds normally directly behind that ? i hope it 's not a strong magnet .  edit : also placing a cup on top of your case . op pls this is triggering me 	haha do n't worry , there is plenty of foam padding and a 120mm fan between my money clip and the hdd , also cup is forsure empty , i would never ever do that to my rig ! 
very nice to see a talented player stream , more of this !  btw your music is way loud : p 	i agree he 's a bit too quiet for his music . but good stream nonetheless 
how to do taxes .  cant think of a subject a school shouldnt teach . 	i was taught how to do my taxes in a public school . 
we learned too in my high school economics class . from ct 	shit i wish that had been an option where im from . 
gotcha anyway we can we bring the downvote button back then ? what do you think of the idea ? 	i 'll post a poll thread later and we can get the opinion of the community at large 
i know , this is just a side fact 	then why bring it up ? op said nothing about wind at all . 
i have a crush on someone and it fucking sucks . i 'm always thinking of fake conversations i want to have and it stresses me out a lot . 	and when you do have conversations they 're short as fuck and you realize 2 hours later what you could have said to make it better . 
teenagers do n't have to have relationships all the time . some people just are n't ready for a relationship or are better off without one tbh 	i know how he feels though . for some reason it 's really boring . we do n't even necessarily want a relationship we just kind of have nothing to aim for . 
i know how he feels though . for some reason it 's really boring . we do n't even necessarily want a relationship we just kind of have nothing to aim for . 	i want one , i just go to an all guys school so i do n't really even have anyone to have a crush on . 
off camera . do n't have to pay the actor for the episode . he 'll be back next week 	they still get paid if they are series regulars . and im pretty sure i saw his name in the opening credits 
sorry , brain fart ! 	oh ok , you had me worried . i was sitting here thinking i could buy faster mount speed . 
kanye said get his information and the security guard got out his phone so i 'd say it 's safe to assume he 's actually giving him a pair 	wow that 's pretty cool , i thought he was joking around haha , was n't paying attention to the security guard . 
not directly . the ang lee movie is not canon with the mcu . but they decided to skip an origin for whatever reason . i think it worked but i would have been fine with a norton origin story too . 	i loved how they handled his origin quickly in the intro . it 's hulk - we all know how he was created . we can skip the spider bite too , as it 's been shown enough on the big screen 
kentucky fans , your team is ranked number one for a reason . these kids are doing anything they want . 	as crazy as it sounds our big men really only play like this against teams with good big men . they have been pedestrian in many games against average post players . 
if you were an nba gm and had to choose between the morris twins or the harrison twins , which pair would you pick ? 	that 's a good question . unless the harrison twins can up their offensive game and improve it in the pros , is pick the morris twins .  but i see more upside in the harrison twins . 
is it not usually this way for uk tho ? i mean even in the past when they have been the best team in the sec by a mile , do n't teams usually show up and make it a tough game when they host uk ? 	yes . it has pretty much become a running joke over the past 5 years that some random kid under 6 foot will go off on us . 
quit blaming the refs basically 6 of their guys are outplaying our 10 guys . i have faith uk still pulls it out . 	you 're blind . this run was ignited by bs calls from bad refs . 
historically speaking , yes , but y 'all have great representation across both communities so i do n't really do it for gators .  lot better than the 5 i 've tagged today for lsu ! 	too bad we are n't having much success in either sport this year . 
you 're blind . this run was ignited by bs calls from bad refs . 	what bs call ? 
looks like uk is gonna crap out another close win against a subpar opponent . reminds me of the fsu football team from this past season . 	lol duke lost to nc state and miami and you 're talking about winning close games against subpar opponents ? please . 
man , it 'll be borderline impossible to do anything in this sub if we lose this game . 	besides still have the best record of any ncaa team this year ? lol 
exactly , kentucky fans are already jumping on the refs , they have done a fine job . 	god troll . get off this thread . its always an iowa state fan 
kentucky is just chucking up garbage , right now . no drives to the paint , no movement on the right side . just get it left , around the arc , and fucking toss it up for nothing . 	this has been our offense since we started sec play . completely changed out play style out of nowhere . 
t ! 	s ! 
dumpster to the left , it 's the one on fire . you ca n't miss it . 	oh thanks , i see it now . it smells like burning . 
the moon will try to spread us out and run guards at the rim . grrr . 	yeah but they 're not using to playing in 1g . we 'll have a huge home - planet advantage . 
over the back is a non existent call on uk and has been all season . 	i ca n't count the number of times i 've asked where the over the back call was this game . 
what the hell is cal so mad about ? 	hung on the rim , got a technical 
41 - 0 seems a little impossible . we 'll settle for 40 - 0 though . 	is it 40 ? fair enough . but yes , 39 - 1 and national champions is n't quite good enough for these wildcats . 
that guy who said we were winning this game comfortably : you may be a nice guy irl , but you are now one of my least favorite people on the planet . 	i 'm going to cry so hard god fucking damnit  fuck this gay earth 
crazy finish , clemson had a couple shots but loses to nd 	think you are in the wrong thread friend . 
we made a drinking game out of it . we drink every time we hear the word and get very drunk . 	alcohol poisoning . 
matches the description . arrest that man ! 	that 's the wrong kentucky big man . 
is it me , or is it fucking weird that lsu is randomly going to have one of the best recruiting classes in the country next year ? i thought their bag men only cared about football 	lsu had a team with shaq , stanley roberts and chris jackson and still did n't even make the final 4 
man , it 'll be borderline impossible to do anything in this sub if we lose this game . 	maybe you uk fans should n't beat your chests so much and then it would be ok . 
looks like uk is gonna crap out another close win against a subpar opponent . reminds me of the fsu football team from this past season . 	at least its not a home loss by 16 to an unranked opponent lol . 
exactly , kentucky fans are already jumping on the refs , they have done a fine job . 	and to be honest , despite maybe 2 bad calls on uk , there have been 2 on lsu and other than that a pretty well officiated game 
not to start a fight or anything , but lsu is a much better team than fsu . it would still be a bad loss though . 	no offense taken . we just usually struggle against them . it 's like every year we can never get a clean win against them lol 
you 're blind . this run was ignited by bs calls from bad refs . 	their run started with the clearly technical foul when karl hung on the rim for entirely too long . 
that 's harrison 's spot , ca n't blame him for that shot 	wrong harrison . 
lsu is playing pretty well . with the recruits they have coming in , i 'd expect them to contend in the sec next season . 	i hope you 're correct 
nice run by lsu here , refs seem to be taking over though . 	guys . a duke fan is noticing all the horrible calls against us . 
yea , do n't care 	y 'all almost lost to lsu , that 's embarrassing and nice edit . your op was much worse . 
not at all . it definitely helps that they 've been playing with each other since they 've gotten out of the womb . they 're chemistry is just insane . 	upvote this man . 
no dog in the fight , but uk is getting fucked . 	also no dog in the fight and i have to say i disagree , refs are actually letting them play . i feel like a lot more fouls could be called on both sides . 
come on uk pull it together . still got time left 	your user name is v . creepy 
we dont seem to able to put points up within the final 2 minutes ever . 	ky really knows how to hold teams down at the end of games . it could happen to any team 
we made a drinking game out of it . we drink every time we hear the word and get very drunk . 	for best results , play with kentucky bourbon . 
obviously , hes lost every game this season .  oh wait . 	keep beating your chest , your early ncaa exit is going to be fun to watch . 
keep beating your chest , your early ncaa exit is going to be fun to watch . 	you 're irrationally angry over something that has no effect on your life . congratulations . 
i thought the same thing watching duke last night . first time i 'd seen them play this year . very , very good team . 	i liked that game but did n't really feel they played great . more so that fl just played really poorly 
yeah , shut the fuck up 	yea , do n't care 
looks like uk is gonna crap out another close win against a subpar opponent . reminds me of the fsu football team from this past season . 	are you trolling ? they have a ton of good wins this year . 
i did n't understand a call . 	gotcha . i thought you were directing that at me haha . 
t ! 	s ! 
moving screen but the foul is on us . okay refs . 	really did n't understand that call . 
t ! 	s ! cats cats cats 
does uk usually struggle against lsu like we do against fsu ? 	not to start a fight or anything , but lsu is a much better team than fsu . it would still be a bad loss though . 
that was a great game , but a horrible final play . 	we 've ran that same play 3x now at the end of games . i 'm not sure why we put in gray down the stretch either . he 's absolutely terrible and just turns it over . 
just playing the odds , that 's a terrible bet . not saying it is n't possible , but you 'd make a terrible gambler . 	no , i just see flaws in your game and also your competition has n't been the greatest , the ncaa tourney will take your players by surprise . 
who exactly is calling this a loss ? 	i said we were going to lose because it felt like it . i 've said it many times in many games . i post the feelings , i 've sid the opposite in games we lost . 
i said we were going to lose because it felt like it . i 've said it many times in many games . i post the feelings , i 've sid the opposite in games we lost . 	also love the downvotes for being right . stay classy with the flair votes everyone 
no i am not . i wont go into it much , but circumstances allow me to drink freely . 	how do i circumstance ? 
how do you drink at any club almost nightly for free ? are you the owner ? 	no i am not . i wont go into it much , but circumstances allow me to drink freely . 
you posted this comment two hours ago . just out of curiosity , how many dickens novels have you read since then ? 	exactly 14 . do the math . damn . 
well they did . the entire library . 	and stood up to applaud . girls immediately lost their virginity . men committed sudoku due to their inferiority . hundred dollar bills everywhere . marching band parade . 
i do n't believe you because you do n't mention applause . or maybe they we 're just quiet because it was a library ? 	let 's just say everyone was stunned at this man 's reading ability and it was so quiet you could hear a pin drop . 
we were n't 'in the mood 'so i assume she did n't . i stumbled across this photo on my hard drive from months ago . 	they say they do n't but i bet she did . nice print 
how long in slow cooker on high or low ? 	low and slow , baby . low and slow . 
well i do n't think it 's the carbonated water that 's supposed to do it but rather the acid in cola . 	why would the acid break it down that much better ? there is n't a lot of contact between the soda and the inside of the meat 
why not just add club soda if it breaks it down ? you could then save the juices without being too sweet 	well i do n't think it 's the carbonated water that 's supposed to do it but rather the acid in cola . 
ya know , i think i 'd be down for joining if the timing works out . i 'm 28 so i 'm totes up for drunk town ! pm me or add me on steam . i 'm captain mog on youtube 	sounds good to me ! we might be able to get a little group together ! once i have access to quality internet again , things will be awesome ! 
hey if your still looking i 'd be willing to download and play town of salem and some other games also im 25 so i can definitely get in on the drunk town of salem ! haha 	hey dude , i 'm always looking for people xd i have a few other people who wanted to play , but they 're never on ! 
i used the markup for numbering and it shows correct on reddit is fun and my browser . not sure why it shows up otherwise for you ? 	hmm , that 's unusual . i 'm on alien blue and they all show up as 1 . oh well , i tried to be funny . 
i 'm pretty sure that completed pass was like in the 4th quarter on the last few drives too haha 	i think it was on a 3rd down that helped us seal the game . 
cocky was debuted in mid october 1980 and the uga - usc game that year was in early november so it could have been either . 	thanks for the dates . did n't the mach - 1 cocky have the giant , weirdly fuzzy head ? 
my dad played from 76 - 80 . he always tells me how literally no one lifted weights back then , it had n't become the norm yet and was only reserved for olympic level athletes and body builders . 	does anyone know who or what brought weight lifting as a workout for other sports ? 
never thought froggen could score so poorly in an easy week . 	i 'm really stuck as to what to do with him , might give him one more week . he has a good average still but this week elements screwed me so hard . 
i 've been thinking of making a star wars themed one for my edge of the empire game . i 'd love to see more pictures . 	ill get some tonight when i get home !  edit : starwars would be cool , i do n't have enough sets to make anything yet though . 
social studies yes but having a second language can be quite valuable . 	not when your primary language is english . optional languages should be offered though . 
the first point is a pretty fucking big one imo . 	it 's not the fault of the students that courses do n't offer the right kind of credits to get to where they want to be , so it 's not like the students are short sighted . 
talk to a lawyer before you confront . does infidelity make a difference during a divorce ? 	not usually . it depends on jurisdiction , but the vast majority do n't consider fault at all when determining most aspects of the divorce like custody or alimony . 
do n't jump the gun , for the kid 's sake sit down for a chat and tell her to stop doing it immediately maybe it will work out 	dont jump the gun . really . she has shit on the relationship , and throw it away . and you want him not to jump the gun . 
just a good , moral person who contributes to society . the kind of person who you would n't even realise is religious unless you asked . 	i 've been like that . and the minute people realize of that , they immediately get on defensive mode . i guess there are people that give religion a bad name . 
zoos always good . 	zoo is considered pretty weak at the moment . 
it is the black - rim glasses that give him his intelligence . 	lol , the reason i say that is because whenever i hear any fighter talk about meeting him it is always them praising him for being an mma wizard . 
i 've got to go with mark hunt for physically strongest . maybe because it 's fresh in mind , but i believe benson to be one of the most mentally tough . 	close between him and bigfoot probably . a guy like travis browne can prob throw weights around as well . 
controversial , but frankie edgar is about as mentally strong as they get . you have to have a strong mind to go with that gas tank to go 5 rounds . the dude has no quit .   	i think that the only person who gives frankie a run for his money in toughness is condit . that dude is a monster . 
close between him and bigfoot probably . a guy like travis browne can prob throw weights around as well . 	watch mark hunt rag doll bigfoot in the clinch , bigfoot was shooting double legs at a brick wall . 
controversial , but frankie edgar is about as mentally strong as they get . you have to have a strong mind to go with that gas tank to go 5 rounds . the dude has no quit .   	you 'd have to be mentally strong to fight the same three dudes for two years . 
that would be a very convincing act . that homeless guy looked very much alive . 	kaufman 's death is just a long con . he 's a diehard comedian . 
if he does n't have a home then , yeah , i do . 	his parents have a home , which is where he lives during the offseason . 
nice ! that was cool of them to send you a bonus box of books . 	agreed - it was a fun little present to get . some of the books i have read before - like peter 's warded man . but others i had n't including some new titles that are n't yet out . 
to all my fellow northeastern us brethren : stay warm .  if you happen to live in boston : you shall be avenged . 	days like this make me rethink my decision to leave los angeles for new york . 
swing dancing ! i have n't done that in ages . 	until this last weekend , neither had i . been at least a year . wife and i cut a rug to live music at new orleans square in disneyland . 
ah , it 's set after the trilogy . has minor spoilers , and your appreciate the minor characters of the book more . 	gotcha , i will put it off until i finish the others . 
which movies did god directed though ? 	god is n't a person either . 
which movies did god directed though ? 	bruce almighty . 
chess .  not a lot of people play because they think it 's too difficult . 	means you live in the wrong place . i spent all of high school and university playing chess with friends . 
i 'm not sure why we keep getting update after update . apart from a few things i dislike personally i think the game is perfect right now . 	because players want updates ? 
f2p does n't need bounty hunter worlds , just keep the pking as is . 	yes , it does ? why would you not want it for f2p players ? right now , as it stands , there 's only 1 world that has any number of players pking in it . 
f2p bh world , yes please .  rewards ? do n't care if there are any . just do n't make them destroy the f2p ecosystem . 	bh world is like with the targets they previously had ?  walking in the wildy and you have that square in the top right ? 
whatever you do , you never need to eat mom . 	yeah , i do n't think she would make a nutritious meal . probably pretty chewy , as well . 
well , i 'm not browsing reddit actively anymore , so guess how many comments i read on this sub . 	you should poke around , it 's in most threads with significant comment numbers . 
i have a ton of ideas , but i think they wont be accepted as the nature of them changes everything like removing the downvote button or making karma local instead of global . 	voat admin is seriously open to it . i myself have requested many changes that have been implemented there . however , it has to make sense , and realistically still work .   
that 's why they 're implementing moderation logs . give it a try . 	just wait until moderators get witch hunted and doxxed because they made the mistake of moderating something controversial . 
this is pretty cool . coming out to the show tonight at skate shack , see you there . 	awesome shit dude , it was a killer show . the opening band , the graceful , actually really killed it ; was super impressed by them . 
awesome shit dude , it was a killer show . the opening band , the graceful , actually really killed it ; was super impressed by them . 	yeah it was a really sick show . too bad there were so many fights in the middle there . 
good lord . they are not even saying the same thing . 	any comparison with freeza will be night and day . kai is the first accurate portrayal of him in english . 
that made me chuckle , because my goal in life is to have enough free time to tend my garden . different strokes for different folks . 	yup . i 'm not buying things so i can save for early retirement so i do n't have to work . 
that made me chuckle , because my goal in life is to have enough free time to tend my garden . different strokes for different folks . 	haha yea i have a terrible allergy to cut grass - debilitating allergy - and although i love being outside in the spring i 'd rather be in a chair drink in hand . good luck reaching your goal ! 
i 'd love to go back to making enough money to afford lunch from the whole foods deli on the daily again 	yeah eating at whole paycheck was nice when i could afford to do that as well . sigh . 
you take your canine penis related puns and get the fuck out of here . 	eh , do n't be a dick , now . 
gee so your less independent in a game where team work is pretty much everything . what a bummer . that 's a real big downside you got there . 	in case you have n't noticed , almost everyone who plays support goes medic . and out of those who do play engie , almost none have upgraded their ammo packs to a usable level 
do you like deep pan pizza ? 	do kids eat glue ? shoot ! deep dish pizza is like incredible ! 
amazing ! i live near toledo , but just happened upon that house once on a leisurely drive during a visit , it was amazing to see . awesome architecture all around there . 	that 's awesome ! go buckeyes : p ive got family just outside dayton oh 
plenty of people find friends on there . have some trust . 	he not fucking her , he 's massaging the inner walls of her vagina with his dick . he 's just trying to help out a friend he met on the internet . can he just live ? 
sorry but an idiot would know not to go on wtf while at work , maybe do your job instead of surf the web . 	i 'm not actually working right now , but i 'm just saying that there are some pretty wtf things on here that do n't have nudity and gore . 
i need to be able to imagine myself in the scenario . that 's why i much prefer pov porn where the dude makes no noise . the dick is a prop . 	that makes total sense . i just cant get past the thought that its another mans penis . it just makes me feel uncomfortable for whatever reason . thank you for your input 
oh damn haha , how many hours on average do you think it takes per print ? 	i 'd say about 7 hours on average . however , often orders will be multiple parts that i can split up into multiple prints 
i 'd say about 7 hours on average . however , often orders will be multiple parts that i can split up into multiple prints 	i ment more along the lines of just hands on work , i 'm assuming and praying you ment print time ? 
jeremy , you really have to stop hitting on the whole sub . 	wait , wut ? i 'm seriously clueless as to what i did ? 
haha , i truly hope to be there well before then .  at this point , i do n't know . did you have something in mind ? 	nothing specific , but we can plan for something . 
nothing specific , but we can plan for something . 	hey lady ! i 'm probably skipping out on work on friday . so , i 'll likely be down there even earlier . let me know what 's up ! 
do we have the same best friend ?  my best friend 's birthday is that day as well . 	well , her birthday is actually the 13th , but she only wants a few people going to the melting pot with her , so she set a party for the date of her birthday and the dinner the next day . 
that 's heavy . 	those were the exact words that popped into my head . 
news article ? 	i think this guy means , is there a news report , considering how bad the accident was . 
is his sister named hops ? 	i 'm sure he made beer or some other kind of yellow liquid in his pants . 
a format should remove everything from the hdd . either you did the format wrong or you are seeing something else . 	i probably did it wrong . i 'll try re formatting and double checking to make sure i do it right this time . 
i know , i agree with you ! i was talking about the people that down voted you . 	i know . i was just making it clear to people that clearly do n't understand what i was originally saying . 
he seems more into wine these days than music . 	look at what hes involved in aside from tool . just as active as many artists out there . 
if only the chinese take to cricket , it could be rescued from indian hegemony . it 'd be great for cricket . nothing scares the shit out of indians like the sight of china . 	then it may become the biggest sport in the world . 
i agree , but remove the link . do n't advertise for them or promote their website 	i 'm sure people wo n't be able to find it if i do that . after all nobody knows how to type in h1z1 hacks in google right ? 
2 runs on 0 hits ?  did we literally walk 5 guys or what ? 	yea lots of walks by sims in the 7th . but they had a sac fly and a fielders choice to score the runs . 
i have a very low opinion of a man who decides to turn leonard nimoy 's death into a cheap jab at abrams . 	that 's the point . 
i love , adore , cherish , the abrams movies . i 'm a grown - ass man and i like what i like . 	grown ass woman here . i enjoyed them a lot too . 
i get it now , thanks for replying . always a bad thing to fuck up a canon developed throughout the years . 	no problem man , glad i could help out . 
some people oppose anything new by nature , especially older people , and i think the average age of trek fans before these movies was middle - aged at least . 	i enjoyed the first one quite a bit . the second one is just a bad movie . 
i ca n't stand the jj abrams movies , but that 's the punchline ? 	it would be impossible to discuss the subject without a common frame of reference . 
i ca n't stand the jj abrams movies , but that 's the punchline ? 	that jj abrams is going to hell for making a star wars film after a star trek film . 
i 'm sorry , i did n't realize we were in a formal debate . let me go prepare my evidence box . i would prefer if we used policy format . 	i did n't say that but if you want to convince me then at least say something relevant . 
ask them . they 're very responsive on twitter . 	thanks yeah i have already done this waiting on a response . 
can someone please explain to me how this puts pirates out of business ? 	in india pirated movies are sold on dvd . i doubt it will work since they 'll just sell other movies meanwhile . 
oddly enough my mom thought that my gf was pretty hot and passed her test for attractiveness to join the family .  which was a huge relief let me tell you  	lol you must have a really attractive family . 
not that was the joker from batman begins . 	the dark knight , not batman begins . 
but did you get high ? 	high on life . 
i was about five or six , i thought i could fly i jumped off the arm rest of the sofa and broke my arm 	why did n't you try taking off from the ground first ? 
so what happens when you smash a bullet with a hammer ? 	it pops and can send pieces of brass into your eyes . it does n't shoot with the same velocity of one fired from a gun if that 's what you 're asking . 
i think that 's even more dumb , no offense to kid - you . why were you trying to lift a telephone pole ? 	he 's scottish and was training for the caber toss in the highlander games . fun times . 
did you forget how to unlock it ? 	it was broken . that 's why they said not to lock it . once it locked , they could n't get it unlocked . 
holy shit , it 's those metal images that make me afraid to touch anything wooden 	do n't think about metal , do n't touch your wood . got it . 
how is life in a straight jacket ? 	not too bad ! i 'm a stay at home mom raising a new generation of dummies . my 2 year old tries to climb into the oven all the time . 
actually no , you 'd think i 'd at least have a lisp or something . my tongue appears to be perfectly fine . 	how much is cut off : o ? 
was taking a nap and for some unknown reason i decided to play dead when my mom tried to wake me . i realized that i probably took it too far when she got the phone to dial 911 . sorry , mom ! 	how did you manage to keep a straight face ? 
my brother and i stole a box of . 22 calibre bullets from a neighbor . then being the idiots we were fired them down the street by smashing them with a hammer . morons , complete fucking morons . 	i can get on this train .  my neighbor and i put a bullet in a vice and hit the back with a hammer . when it went through the garage door we decided not to do it again . 
stuck tongue into wall receptacle . knocked me out . still think about it , every time i plug something in . 	half way through , your post turned into a jayden smith tweet 
was taking a nap and for some unknown reason i decided to play dead when my mom tried to wake me . i realized that i probably took it too far when she got the phone to dial 911 . sorry , mom ! 	when i would not get out of bed my dad would pick me up and drop me back on the bed . 
can confirm ; was almost expelled on a weapons charge in an sf high school 	since when are high schools allowed to charge students ? 
jet fuel ca n't melt steel memes 	jet steel ca n't beam melt 
i tried to see if i could cut through the heating element of a toaster with a pair of scissors , while it was on .  i could n't cut through it . 	should have used a fork to help break it . 
one time , when i was little and still lived in my childhood home , i spent the entire day looking for a hat that was on my head . 	did you find it ? 
did the same thing with a paintball gun . 	you shot a paintball gun with a wrist rocket ? 
fairy world ? 	i 'm a fairy girl , in a fairy world . 
how does your mother not thinking of getting your pulse etc before calling 911 ? 	she did . my mom did n't think i was dead , just unresponsive . 
i wanted to run away and told my mom . i was maybe 5 . she fucking packed me a backpack with a few sandwiches , juice boxes and a change of clothes .  i made it to the end of the driveway . 	your names combined make a beautiful story . 
did the same thing with a paintball gun . 	stuck a plastic baseball bat into a hole in the ground cause i saw a yellow jacket fly in there .  it was a nest . 
i tried to see if i could cut through the heating element of a toaster with a pair of scissors , while it was on .  i could n't cut through it . 	oh my fucking god . 
i honestly have absolutely no clue . friends company did a drug screening , 3 people used synthetic , 3 people got caught using synthetic . no clue how they know 	huh . i will have to look into that . i have used the stuff for at least 10 years and have never had a problem . i would hate to be surprised by a change in process . thanks for the heads up ! 
held my poop so i could play outside longer , then would consistently get constipated . rinse and repeat . 	i have never heard of this mystery . people get constipated when they hold it too long ? 
lol , prob cuz i lived in a small apt and did n't have a good running start 	hahaha . was n't being a stupid kid fun ? 
thought my eye lashes needed a trim , so i cut them on one eye with scissors , nearly blinded myself . parents were furious , needless to say , i lost my xbox privileges  	i did the same thing once with nail clippers . 
was taking a nap and for some unknown reason i decided to play dead when my mom tried to wake me . i realized that i probably took it too far when she got the phone to dial 911 . sorry , mom ! 	i hid from my mom under her bed once and she flipped shit and ran around the block and called 911 as well ! was crazy . 
is this the book about number 42 being the answer to life , the universe and everything ? 	: d it 's the third book in the series . that theme is definitely present but it 's got its own story to tell . all five books are grand , but that 's my favorite one . 
did you have that proverbial sack tied to the end of a long stick ? 	and can i get an eli5 about what the thing is ? 
i thought you could n't drink anything and drive because it would be distracting . they really need to go into more detail with kids . 	i did the same thing ! my mom was drinking coffee and i told her not to drink and drive . so much face palm now 
was taking a nap and for some unknown reason i decided to play dead when my mom tried to wake me . i realized that i probably took it too far when she got the phone to dial 911 . sorry , mom ! 	i always played dead when my mom woke me up for school and it never worked . i am beyond jealous of you right now . 
i thought you could n't drink anything and drive because it would be distracting . they really need to go into more detail with kids . 	i did n't realise the effects of alcohol were temporary . my mum got drunk on her birthday one year and was very confused when i accused her of still being drunk several weeks later . 
my brother and i stole a box of . 22 calibre bullets from a neighbor . then being the idiots we were fired them down the street by smashing them with a hammer . morons , complete fucking morons . 	so what happens when you smash a bullet with a hammer ? 
did you find it ? 	i did , as a matter of fact . 
i have never heard of this mystery . people get constipated when they hold it too long ? 	because your body will continually extract water from it , which will make it harder to pass .  source : i once held it for two weeks . 
my brother and i stole a box of . 22 calibre bullets from a neighbor . then being the idiots we were fired them down the street by smashing them with a hammer . morons , complete fucking morons . 	heh i used to shoot at . 22 shells with my bb gun , the bullet would go one way , the shells would come flying back at me , i was not a smart child . 
you 're the guy that licks people 's necks on the subway . 	friends reference ?   
my brother and i stole a box of . 22 calibre bullets from a neighbor . then being the idiots we were fired them down the street by smashing them with a hammer . morons , complete fucking morons . 	did something similar bit instead of hitting them i was curious and threw them in a camp fire , everyone ran once they heard the first pop . till this day no one knows it was me 
sry i do n't understand . so you thought the metal bullets could n't fit , so you tried to got them in , then in a panic that your dad would find out , you shout yourself in the eye ? 	they were plastic and yeah pretty much . 
oh , i also stole a few pokemon cards in 4th grade or something and basically got jumped . 	the reason that pokemon card were banned at my middle school was because a kid ran over another kid with a bike to steal his pokemon cards . it was hilarious . 
held my poop so i could play outside longer , then would consistently get constipated . rinse and repeat . 	i 'm so glad i was n't the only one who did this ! my mother always tells me i 'd yell how it was such a waste of time to go to the bathroom and that i had better things to do . 
was taking a nap and for some unknown reason i decided to play dead when my mom tried to wake me . i realized that i probably took it too far when she got the phone to dial 911 . sorry , mom ! 	how does your mother not thinking of getting your pulse etc before calling 911 ? 
it 's just a normal tongue i 'm afraid . it 's not deformed or scarred or anything . 	can i see for myself ? i 'm extremely curious .  did the pieces you bit off grow back ?  and no , this is n't some weird tongue - sex - cult thing . 
since when are high schools allowed to charge students ? 	they turned me over to the police , and the expulsion was from having a knife at school . 
i thought you could n't drink anything and drive because it would be distracting . they really need to go into more detail with kids . 	i fussed at my aunt one time because she was drinking and driving . she had a dr . pepper 
why did n't you try taking off from the ground first ? 	lol , prob cuz i lived in a small apt and did n't have a good running start 
i think that 's even more dumb , no offense to kid - you . why were you trying to lift a telephone pole ? 	no freaking clue . just sort of tried to see if i could . 
i came here to laugh , not to cringe 	if it makes you feel any better , since all the nerves were severed i could n't feel it ! 
yeah i 'm not sure this was the best way to move up , but i have no idea what chip is thinking 	report is that bradford is going to stay in philly . he was apparently offered a first round pick for him as well . he really is confusing everyone with his moves . 
sweet ! do you remember which floor ? i 'd like to start farming my plate set but i 'm thinking they do n't drop on floor 1 because its technically a level 52 item . 	farming the first floor last night with my buddy and he got a plate drop . pretty sure that means all the drops can happen anywhere in the library , just gotta keep on farming ! 
this only true if killing rachel does n't have a lasting impact on his psyche which i think it will in season 4 . 	he did n't kill rachel .  he killed cassie . 
i will never comprehend the love for this pile of shit . 	i mean , maybe not pile of shit but yeah i just could never get into it 
i 'm assuming your cake day was last month ? 	nope , mines around september . i thought it would be fitting seeing as you made this thread a month beforehand , may as well keep it symmetrical . 
let 's start a quiet riot ! 	i am a little bit upset about this particular topic ! 
respectfully nominated for username of the year , even if the year 's only 3 months old . 	thanks ! i made cupcakes one night and made an absurd mess ; my roommate said the aftermath looked like a baked goods genocide , it became a long time joke that i appropriated . 
peanut butter is vile and disgusting . right up there with coffee and pickles . 	i disagreed with everything you said , until pickles . i 'm with you there . but how can you hate coffee ? if i love one drink , besides a good beer , its coffee . 
hey , i really dont want to post my photos on internet anymore . 	i understand but it 's hard to give advice without knowing what your body looks like . height and weight would do fine 
are you counting calories ? it 's not about the sleep as much as the caloric intake . 5 - 6 hours is n't that bad . it 's low but that 's not the reason you 'd gain weight 	yes i do , myfitnesspal . yesterday was completed year of every day counting them . i dont mean about gaining weight , but more about burning muscle and keeping fat 
yes i do , myfitnesspal . yesterday was completed year of every day counting them . i dont mean about gaining weight , but more about burning muscle and keeping fat 	ah i see . congrats on a year btw that 's a feat . what 're you doing to uphold muscle mass ? 
do n't worry . there is a minority in czech republic and slovakia which believes that shutting eyes will repel all threats . thank gods , they are minority . 	is nato a threat ? 
i understand that . but there is only one way - beside buying them online - to obtain a spore print .  you know what i mean ? 	yeah , but this guy is going to have to sell quite a few spore prints before he becomes worth it for law enforcement to take action . 
that is a challenge , but not necessary for the mastermind challenge . it 's a standalone challenge , if that makes sense . 	it 's a seperate challenge for only 100k , so we did n't feel the need to attempt it 
not true you are allowed to fail just ca n't die 	ahhh , i thought you had to complete them with the elite challenge also - my bad ! 
did you make a cardboard sign asking your neighbor to not steal stuff from your lawn , using a blue pen ? 	i ignored this comment until i saw what you were talking about on the front page , lol . no . but i 'd let him keep my shit if that happened . 
yup , pumpkaboo 's shiny scheme is so pretty . sadly i do not care much about the darkrai ivs so long they are okay , have to pass : c . 	do n't worry about it , good luck with your trades ! 
that 's a bit too warm imo leathers get uncomfortable above about 70 degrees . 	i agree 80 degrees is too hot for full leathers , but i 'd rather be sweaty than bloody . 
serious question - what 's wrong with his body position ? 	his ass does n't appear to have shifted an inch . 
interesting body position . 	serious question - what 's wrong with his body position ? 
as a pilot , all i see are 18 points of failure . 	definitely . i 'd have to imagine that type of configuration can withstand multiple engine failures though . still , good point . 
horny men watch more porn . weather at 8 . 	right ? men more interested in sex than other men do more sexual stuff . earth shattering stuff ! 
he 's also the meth king . and a super saiyan . 	and the guild master of fairy tail . 
yes to your link ! 	that should be included in the next shounen jump to remind kubo of basic shinigami stuff . 
obviously to uber - power - up yhwach . we could n't have him going around and becoming more powerful with no justification now could we ? 	people got so mad when he opened his eyes , better have a legit power up this time . oh yeah the soul king is supposed to be powerful and he 's right there , helpless , suck that up too . 
selling the moth shirt ? size ? 	medium and not right now . do n't know what to price it 
how do you get the dog to hold the cane ? 	i know i would n't stop them . 
man after reading the comments in this thread , i seriously hope we beat nz tomorrow . it would be sweeter to win with so many people not even giving us a sniff . 	that fifth bowling spot is a glaring weakness . if sa had a genuine all rounder then i could see them lifting the cup but man for man , except for ab and hash , nz have them beat 
finals in melbourne , not quite their home country 	oops ! home continent ? lol 
our wages are nowhere close to yours . 	mate unless you 're the fucking ceo or a shareholder or something why do you even care ? we got bummed at home and gerard gave united the fucking game , who 's arsed about finances 
i wonder if any of the famous gerrard chants we hear week in week out here in the uk will make their way to the mls or if they will give him a clean slate . 	i will make sure to bring poster showing his slip , 0 premier league medal , and now his stomp every time that he visited my local team . 
adulthood , total ripoff 	fucking right ? when i was young , i wanted to be an adult . now i want to go back . i miss naps . thanks for your answer ! 
not an answer i was expecting , haha . thanks for your post ! 	in my head your post sounded like what they say before cutting interview short because of unpopular opinion .  love ya . 
you know it 's not actual money in the case and it 's just a thing to wrap it all in a cute package , right ? 	yes and when i say financial advisor , i mean when to use the brick inside your briefcase advisor . 
do you ride in the rain . i just saw several reports similar to mine on the internet 	yes , i ride in all weather , had no issues . 
and cuts off the end of the song by talking again .  i swear , no one loves the sound of their own voice more than a dj . 	motherfucker if we wanted to hear you speak you 'd be on am radio . 
this sounds like the sort of thing a person without enough skill to ride a line like this would say . check out the first person view of it , it gets about arm span wide at one point 	yeah , it did n't appear that narrow on first glance . seemed like it was about a skis length and a half . the first person view would help add some context . 
fuck . no way you could pay me to do that and i do some pretty stupid shit on skis . that line is impossibly tight and steep . 	really ? that looks like a hella lotta fun . if there 's enough room to stop sideways , there 's enough room . any tree runs are worse than this . 
fuck . no way you could pay me to do that and i do some pretty stupid shit on skis . that line is impossibly tight and steep . 	fuck it , i 'd do it . just stay forward and bleed speed after the exit . 
really ? that looks like a hella lotta fun . if there 's enough room to stop sideways , there 's enough room . any tree runs are worse than this . 	this sounds like the sort of thing a person without enough skill to ride a line like this would say . check out the first person view of it , it gets about arm span wide at one point 
save as much as you can mate , put it in a separate bank account or investment account and pretend it 's a mortgage you 're paying off .  when the correction comes you 'll be ready . 	that 's what i 'm looking to do . keep a separate account with someone like ing so i ca n't access the money instantly and get a decent interest rating . 
ewww who loves art history ? at my school now we have an art history class and everyone hates it . its such a painful class 	it 's so painful . i really do n't get how anyone could enjoy it . and i love art and art museums and stuff . 
holy shit that dive in the middle of the ice . 	he 's coming off a knee injury . i do n't expect him to be the strongest on his skate right now . 
lucic is such a little bitch . he plays a tough game , but ca n't take a hit . 	there 's fun trash talking and then there 's name calling . it 's too early in the game to get salty . let 's keep the thread pleasant 
sorry about that bruins , but this year we 'd like to win the president 's trophy and not get edged out by 1 point or something . 	its cool and do n't worry : the ending of the game made it look like the refs want you guys to get the president 's trophy too . you should be good . 
they 're two very different players . both are great at what they do . sekac just fills more holes in the ducks offense than dsp could . 	so sekac is more what the team needs ? 
tuukka should go into baseball in the offseason , sign with the sox ! 	that 's something we can all agree on . fuck the red sox 
sorry i havent been in here yet ! i managed to somehow get into the press box in boston .  whoops . 	keep typing stuff , they 'll never know ! 
well , i would n't say the chara call fucked us . ca n't say what might have happened otherwise and their goal was n't on the pp . 	it 's pretty difficult to win a hockey game in ot when you spend two min killing an undeserved pp . 
jared boll got suspended 3 games for that hit , what are you on ? 	during the game it was n't called . it does n't matter if he was suspended afterwards . the refs messed up the call to begin with . there was no penalty on the play when there should have been . 
is there some history here that im not aware of ? because this game is hella scrappy 	i do n't think there 's any history . the bruins are just gonna be intense as hell to try to make the playoffs so these next games are gonna be getting chippy as hell . 
i nearly just punched my wall . i decided to punch my pillow instead . less satisfying , but also less damaging . 	i made an ungodly sound and frightened my cats to the other side of the house . fuck this sucks . 
bro you have n't stopped whining 	fite me irl tuff guy . 
how 're things going in the gdt my friendly feathered fowl ? 	idk but they 're good at the game ! 
ducks barely look like they 're trying on the power play 	we just want to be fair to the other team , and it 's not fair if they 're down a man .  at least this is the lie i tell myself everytime the ducks go on a pp 
i am angry . and so afraid we 're not going to make the playoffs . 	that 's an extremely real fear at this point . sigh . 
not enough to call the goal off . 	was that more or less contact than lucic had on wagner ? 
his foot that got hit a bit was out of the crease . that 's prolly why they did n't call anything . not saying that it 's correct though . 	it looked like at the time of contact rask had just moved back into the crease . 
brad has really been feeling it lately . this line should be slick as fuck . 	yeah the guy can play . i actually felt your pain though with some of his shooting in last year 's playoffs . 
so sekac is more what the team needs ? 	yes . we have a lot of players who play a similar game to dsp , but we needed a guy who can generate offense like sekac . 
with zero shots on goal it 's hard to argue it was 2 minutes of opportunities for the ducks either . 	because the bruins stopped them . if the ducks could n't get a shot with an extra man , imagine how strong the bruins would have been on even strength . 
art history is so boring . of course the history teachers at my school fucking love it . 	ewww who loves art history ? at my school now we have an art history class and everyone hates it . its such a painful class 
it 's pretty difficult to win a hockey game in ot when you spend two min killing an undeserved pp . 	difficult but not impossible and not the reason that getzlaf walked right up the middle and beat rask high . 
lucic is such a little bitch . he plays a tough game , but ca n't take a hit . 	i mean he 's not wrong . and i completely agree with you . 
i went for a walk today because it was so warm out and i saw ducks . that read like a boring sean monahan tweet . 	wait did you get traded ? 
whats everyone drinking ?  ive got home made shitty screwdrivers because all i have to drink is vodka and oj should be good for my cold right ? 	some nasty cleanse stuff a friend made . it 's got cayenne pepper and some other shit . i ca n't finish this 
awe i like biology . lab reports are a total pain in the ass but at least the lab is fun ! 	i liked bio but then i took ap bio and i hate it so much now . it does n't help that my teacher is terrible . 
i do n't think it needs to go that far but it should be 4 on 4 . 	cross check and a semi spear after another player of ours got a hit on the head with no penalty on the play . at worst it should be a fine or 1 game 
yeah the guy can play . i actually felt your pain though with some of his shooting in last year 's playoffs . 	it was physically painful to watch him miss open net after open net . he 's really hitting his stride lately though . 
his foot that got hit a bit was out of the crease . that 's prolly why they did n't call anything . not saying that it 's correct though . 	to me it 's like he got twisted like a pretzel , and it moved his leg from exactly where the puck ends up . oh well , c 'est la vie . 
krejci , marchand , and bergeron has so much potential , depending on how brad is feeling it . such a high playmaking ceiling with opportunist hockey sense 	brad has really been feeling it lately . this line should be slick as fuck . 
been physical so far with some salt . enjoying it 	i 've really loved watching the evolution of the word salt on here 
by a lot ? i do n't watch you guys that often so i did n't see how dsp was playing . 	they 're two very different players . both are great at what they do . sekac just fills more holes in the ducks offense than dsp could . 
why is college basketball so fucking boring ?  and why is it so fucking popular ? 	teams like wisconsin just hold the ball for the entire shot clock just to throw up a last second brick . 
having faith in the leafs to win is like having faith that next years is the leafs year . 	jesus christ dude . no regards for human life . 
i liked bio but then i took ap bio and i hate it so much now . it does n't help that my teacher is terrible . 	that does not help at all . i also took ap bio but i had a great teacher . its so amazing just what a good teacher can do 
hopefully the start to slide if they lose tonight . 	i do n't think anyone outside the worst homers thought that their 15 - 1 - 1 was anything close to a sustainable pace . fingers crossed that they regress to the mean in time ! 
i hope the league looks at that cross - check 	meh was n't too vicious . double minor at most . 
it 's so painful . i really do n't get how anyone could enjoy it . and i love art and art museums and stuff . 	same with me as well . i have friends who are required to take two semesters of it and i feel so badly for them 
i figure this one is just a given . her talent now is being famous without a talent . 	she 's the new paris hilton . there will always be someone like this . 
i am sure you will whine as much the next time a white man spews racism , too . 	way to stereotype you ignorant idiot . lol do you see the irony ? 
i would n't take it , kessel and karlsson are dropping in price and will probably continue to do so 	that 's what i thought , and i 'm not sure what market value is for ms bossy - my ah is all whack 
nice . but did you cap ? : p 	no , unfortunately that is one of my weak points : b 
it 's a very good troll . kind of obvious . 	not too obvious , if someone gave it gold . 
i 'd be cheating on this woman so hard and often . 	reading her submission , i do n't think anyone would blame the husband either if he follows suit . 
are brazilians welcome ? all their communications seems to be spanish only . how would they deal with portuguese speakers ? 	id think copa america would be inclusive to all countries in the americas . just like it is in soccer 's copa america 
when did this happen ? some people tried to rob my friends friday night but they were still awake and around . maybe it was the same people ? 	glad your friends were able to prevent a burglary ! this happened before friday last week . 
why is this reply to me ? i did n't call it nitrous . 	i just thought it was a good place to put it . 
basically any sharp , fast prime and a decent camera will give you these results . 	example lense ? 
dont get me wrong im with you on that , but when i say noob i mean those who will decide based on how good the monster looks 	i 'm a noob and i 'll vote for light ninja because he looks cool , and i just want monsters that look cool : p no , seriously , he does n't seem all that bad and he is so rare ! 
would have been nice if they let us pick from the previous hoh monsters .  i missed out on aria . 	i think they are the first hoh ever , i read luna was the first hoh on the korean server , although i 'm not sure about gin . maybe they put him there because they did n't want to put aria 
have you played other f2p games ? 	your point ? 
do n't think it is hard to believe that some pros use cheats , in literally every other sport people cheat , it would be naive to think cs is different 	maybe some pros do cheat , im not saying they dont . however , i do not believe that any of the top 20 cheat . 
congratulations , but there is no such thing as elo hell , you belong where you are . 	yeah it is a bitch to get eagle but i 've been playing for 6 months and just got eagle . no idea how people can be stuck for 6 months in dmg lol 
it feels like i am playing russian roulette .   	and when you get legit players , your ones are shit thus you lose again . 
as long as someone plays some good ball i do n't care who it is 	i could n't agree more , seeing someone who can consistently throw completions , will be a welcomed treat . 
i 'm pretty sure you get the assist for having a penalty against you 	some stat trackers count getting the pen as an assist but the official pl stats do n't count it . 
bullshit . if you drink enough , you 'll feel it . 	thats not a hangover , thats alcohol poisoning . 
you talk to more than one person ! building a support system of chosen family is necessary . do n't isolate with a romantic partner . 	a thousand times this . because we do n't plan on relationships ending , but you need other people to interact with . 
we know already . can we please stop making this a weekly thread ? 	remind mee ! 1 week 
ah of course , living within 50 miles of my family , friends , job , background , community - all a lifestyle choice . prick . 	people across the country have to move for a job and they cope fine .  you are n't entitled to staying in the same area you lived in for your entire life . 
that 's a lot of money ! especially for a recent graduate ! 	it depends what he 's doing , i had a friend who started on 35k straight out of university for instance . some students will start on more than this even . 
how dare people not want to be priced out of their home !  you have the exact scumbag middle class fuck you i got mine attitude that is wrong with this once great country . 	hear hear . 
people across the country have to move for a job and they cope fine .  you are n't entitled to staying in the same area you lived in for your entire life . 	nor am i obliged to accept not being able to . it 's not a matter of entitlement , it 's a matter of choosing to object and resist - a right we all have . 
that 's based on the assumption that the middle class involved are white . 	knowing the area well , i 'm happy enough with that assumption . 
expect that to triple by the time your middle aged . 	the point is more that , despite the fact that i make 'good 'money , the cost of rent and living in london renders it sort of moot . 
so what do you propose ? we use government to regulate everything to the point people have jobs and the capability to just stay in a single location for their entire life ?   	no , but generally mass protest signifies that there is a problem that needs addressing ? surely you 'd concede that it 's a problem ? 
i bet you 'd call that racist ? 	telling people they have a greater right to live somewhere because of their race ? you bet . 
right , and were those there before forced out by rising house prices ?   	rising crime maybe . 
how dare people not want to be priced out of their home !  you have the exact scumbag middle class fuck you i got mine attitude that is wrong with this once great country . 	yep , socialism died and the white - middle classes are attempting to replace it with a callous form of libertarianism . 
sarcastic much ? a bikini body that wo n't hurt anyone 's eyes when they look at me 	you 're hot as fuck , good luck on the weight loss journey ! as he said . 
sarcastic much ? a bikini body that wo n't hurt anyone 's eyes when they look at me 	you are really hot . that 's all eye candy 
sarcastic much ? a bikini body that wo n't hurt anyone 's eyes when they look at me 	but , you look good without a bikini . in other words , you 'd look great in a bikini or on a nude beach . 
based on your posting history , you need a diet and get your feelings hurt way to fast . 	yup , falling back on the only thing you think you have to be proud of . stay classy , and please get that counseling . 
sarcastic much ? a bikini body that wo n't hurt anyone 's eyes when they look at me 	exactly this . not a damn thing wrong with your body . 
well .  i stand corrected . 	i 'm on mobile so i do n't want to make a long post , but i do n't see anyone shouting for person to serve end time . 
what about those of us that are alumni but now work at ucf ? we come out here to help students out . 	you mean flair - wise ? 
springtrap does n't speak though , only when he 's purple guy does he speak . also , i 'd prefer if he does have a speaking line , it should be more demonic than anything . 	knowing hollywood they would probably give him a voice . 
wow , it really works . 	told you . it took me a little bit but i was able to get it to work . 
use a mega start plus a disruption delay . you do n't have to spend any real money at all if you budget your game coins for when you need the boost . 	fair enough . need to start farming meowth more . 
play puzzle and dragon then on your iphone . then you 'll understand why pokemon shuffle is fucking horrible in every possible way in comparison . 	to be fair , every puzzles game that tries to follow its formula is terrible because they do n't give away so much premium currency , if any . 
i rather play candy crush through nintendo than through that shit company on facebook . 	ditto . i am annoyed i had to spend money to beat mega mawile though 
to be fair , every puzzles game that tries to follow its formula is terrible because they do n't give away so much premium currency , if any . 	you can play puzzle and dragon nearly nonstop from levels like 1 - 60 . 
how is fantasy life ? i 've been thinking of picking it up , looks like a really fun grind game 	the grind is the best part . without the dlc , i was able to get over 100 hours out of it . i was hooked for weeks . 
ditto . i am annoyed i had to spend money to beat mega mawile though 	why would you need to spend real money ? i 've s ranked all the main stages and caught all experts without spending a dime . 
how is fantasy life ? i 've been thinking of picking it up , looks like a really fun grind game 	it is a really fun grind game . the writing is surprisingly well done and the story is n't exactly cliche either . 
just got my first ever nintendo product a n3ds xl and animal crossing is amazing ! and just got mario kart , monster hunter 4 ultimate , smash bros , and majoras mask .  the 3d is crazy !   	the console is absolutely amazing ! once you 've finished all of those , i would definitely recommend xenoblade chronicles and ocarina of time on top of those . 
i think amazon does n't ships to mexico . 	really ? they boast over like 300 countries they ship to . i 'm sorry if they do n't . perhaps ebay ? although you 've probably already thought of that . 
it left hours of free fun in my mouth . 	i 'm afraid it 'll go to nintendo 's head though . they do n't really seem to understand how their online service should work and now they 're making freemium games . bad news bears . 
or if your kids want to play it too and you do n't want to buy three copies . 	good point . i guess depending on how rare the game was buying a few digital copies might end up cheaper than one physical copy . 
in relation to the article , i 'm waiting for the hope that nintendo america releases a regular sized n3ds . i already have a 3ds xl and it 's still a little big for me . 	hopefully there will be a fall or holiday release . 
how is fantasy life ? i 've been thinking of picking it up , looks like a really fun grind game 	it 's mixed . i really liked it the first time around and put 40 hours into it . i tried to go back recently for the dlc and could n't get past how boring the combat is . 
i would like some friends too . in general . please . 	i 'll be your friend . what games you play ? 
totally agree . if it were entirely fulfilled , we would have no need for the administration of the covenant anymore ! we would already be in the eternal state ! 	amen ! 
it does feel dirty when i get summoned to a guy that already has two other phantoms and we kill a boss in like ten seconds while he sits back and bottoms up that sunny d . 	definitely 4 players vs a single boss is total chaos , and not much fun beyond the craziness of it . vs multi - bosses , it gets a little better tho 
you nearly cut me with all that edge . 	oh shit dude my bad ill get the nerf sword . cuz well its nerf or nuthin 
i 've already got them down .  i find highly unlikely a letter will show up in the mail . 	if it does , wipe your arse with it and rts . 
do you have genesis installed on kodi ? you can stream to your heart 's content and wo n't be accused of sharing the file as it 's not p2p . 	i recently discovered kodi and genesis , seems awesome but was a little unsure about it . i guess you are not downloading and sharing . you are just viewing a linked website with a stream on it ? 
i had started the game yesterday so no bike yet , and the imgur is to show that the egg matched . 	ahhh okay i see now well yeah it should hatch within a couple steps . 
lol no it 's legit i have the hatch thread someone where i can look it up or you can search the ot and it should pop up . it 's cool man i usual sv hatch anything i want so it 's all good . 	dude thanks heaps ! i might have to build a mega absol team now 
have you added me ?  and yes it 's prehatched . although i do n't understand why you need it prehatched for proof on imgur . 	i had started the game yesterday so no bike yet , and the imgur is to show that the egg matched . 
damn . bummer that one has 0 speed ivs . 	no worries , i can work around it . 
yup yup i 'm online . hop on and get your egg . 	hatched shiny . thanks . 
hey did i get you your egg ? 	you did . it hatched shiny ; thank you so much ! 
hey man it 's yours . but it might be like another 30 min til i can get online . is that cool ? 	that 's fine , i 'll be here 
mass 1 sorry , i did n't notice at the first time . 	no problem i just got to work . i do n't get out for another 8 hrs any chance you could get online there ? 
thank you for the shiny ! and i hope that absol is n't legit otherwise i 'll feel bad 	lol no it 's legit i have the hatch thread someone where i can look it up or you can search the ot and it should pop up . it 's cool man i usual sv hatch anything i want so it 's all good . 
man i 'm so sorry my internet is acting funky . it barley starting doing this today . i do n't know what 's up . 	it 's all good ! the egg hatched shiny . thanks so much ! 
hey there ! the egg is all yours . let me know when you can get online . 	hatched shiny , thanks ! 
hey there ! the egg is all yours . let me know when you can get online . 	having an egg hatched , then i 'll switch game carts . 
we all have vaginas . i 'm not sure why there is so much fear of the camel toe , as long as it is n't grabbing or pulling . 	that 's true ! now that you mention it , i 'm also not sure why there 's so much fear of the camel toe . my late realization of an obvious fact xd . thank you ! 
none of the above ! i can post the answer if you want , but thought you might want to try identifying it again first . 	merlin ? i just checked the call and other sightings in my hood . thank you ! 
no reference point so it 's hard to tell by the size . 	relevant username ! it was about the size of a pigeon , picture was taken in montreal in april . 
oh man , i did not want to hear this . i promised my son a visit to the lego store and we will be lucky to get there by 6 on a wednesday . 	it 's not that bad . definitely not worth letting your son down . 
it 's not that bad . definitely not worth letting your son down . 	agree . traffic looks terrible but once you 're in it 's not bad at all . if you take a bus from the resort you will barely notice . 
it 's offensive to people with aspergers to call it a disease , fyi . 	so ? people can hypothetically be offended by anything . the question is whether the claim is factually accurate or not . 
i 'm still confused on the gold medal thing . apparently i am missing a gold medal on the mansion game , but i am sure i already beat floor 30 which is the last one . what am i missing ? 	floor 30 is not the last floor - that 's just the end of the first half of the game . 
about the bubbles , is it for everybody or premium only ? i bought premium instantly so i have no idea 	i got a couple of free ones after the update and could change my speech bubble without having premium . 
does your local club have a facebook page ? we have plenty of people buying and selling scooters through our club page . 	i 'm not honestly sure . i 'm not a member of any scooter clubs in the area here and the only one i 'm aware of is n't very big . but it 's worth looking into . thanks for the the tip ! 
harden and kd . a man can dream . 	if russ , harden and kd somehow reunited on the houston rockets , i would n't even be mad . i would be a rockets fan though . 
harden and kd . a man can dream . 	why though ? they both run a lot of iso . 
nice dude , likes that no - scope a lot : d got some good game sense bruh , unless your teammate called it before or something , but gj  	he didnt call it , although i did hear the bullets and he appeared on radar . 
alice cooper opening for iron maiden was the bomb . the top 2 stage shows of all time one after another . 	most memorable concert of my life . 
depp is n't that surprising really . he 's played on stage with jack white and alice before . he 's pretty good at guitar . 	he 's been a musician a lot longer than an actor  
alice cooper live is amazing . you do n't have to be a super fan of the music , the stage show itself is worth the ticket price . 	alice cooper opening for iron maiden was the bomb . the top 2 stage shows of all time one after another . 
is it just vog gear or will crota gear upgrade as well ? the video was n't clear . ugh i want it to be tomorrow already . 	i would assume it 's both , but we 'll know tomorrow . i think there is just more interest in the vog stuff because it currently is outdated versus crota stuff being max level right now . 
the red pill is probably one of the worst subs i 've seen . 	yeah man . i could be wrong , but they seem to have a pretty unhealthy outlook on life and women . 
this is the most ridiculous post ive read on the internet . masculinity is not important ? go tell that to a girl when you ca n't get it up or when she calls you a one - pump chump 	that 's has nothing to do with masculinity . that 's just male sexual health . 
why do monkeys jerk off ? should we stop them ? how can we introduce them to nofap ? 	are you a monkey ? 
what if you do n't have money to order a delicious meal 	you earn it . 
we can give logistical support , and intelligence for a fast removal of the regime . 	this would be helpful . 
we note the irony that a nation built upon the theft of land from mexicans and the ethnic cleansing of the indigenous natives dares to hold a peace conference . 	we can look into the past , but would n't it be wiser to look at the future .  will you attend this conference ? 
back when i was 4 , an old man down the street used to gave me a caterpillar in a jar everyday for a week . i was n't amused but looking back it was quite funny . 	why would he give you a caterpillar everyday ? 
why would he give you a caterpillar everyday ? 	he knew i was afraid of them . i would throw the jar against the wall and cry , apparently he found it hilarious . 
really ? sorry for making fun of you but that is funny haha 	back when i was 4 , an old man down the street used to gave me a caterpillar in a jar everyday for a week . i was n't amused but looking back it was quite funny . 
death .  it 's the one thing nobody knows anything about , nor may we ever know about ; also , the one of two experiences every human is bound to face . 	i 'm fine not knowing . imaging you found out what happens when you die and it 's horrendous but inevitable . that 's my fear 
how is the election going to work ? is it going to be a strawpoll or something ? 	no idea , that 's up to those who run the election . 
ca n't you look at past purchases ? 	i 'm signed into my shared work account while i browse reddit . sometimes i 'll click an amazon link from here and promptly have to clear my amazon history . 
you guys sound like a great couple . 	well excuse me but i do n't poop money . 
if i saw that in the recommendations then i would n't want to look at the purchase history , i 'd still have to work with this person .  edit : typo 	what if all they bought was the 50 shades of grey books and amazon got snarky and just put a list dildos and whips as suggestions ? 
you guys sound like a great couple . 	hey , asking someone to split a bill is n't crazy , though it 's not like a monthly netflix bill is gonna break the bank . 
and your boss sees the same thing and wonders about you too .  plot twist : someone else knows the account info and is messing with both of you . 	or , this person is their own boss . 
plot twist : this did n't happen . 	i 've ordered a lot of adult stuff on amazon and have never had similar items pop up in my recommendations . 
and your boss sees the same thing and wonders about you too .  plot twist : someone else knows the account info and is messing with both of you . 	is the boss a woman ? what is her address so i can express my deep disappointment with her life choices in person . 
if i saw that in the recommendations then i would n't want to look at the purchase history , i 'd still have to work with this person .  edit : typo 	yeah , heaven forbid you find out your boss or coworker is an adult with a sex life . 
i am talking about netflix , open up three devices that are streaming on one account and it will prompt you to upgrade or stop streaming on another device 	apparently i 'm upgraded without knowing it ? i stream on about six devices at a time . 
ca n't you look at past purchases ? 	if i saw that in the recommendations then i would n't want to look at the purchase history , i 'd still have to work with this person .  edit : typo 
glad to see you 're going through with it . enjoy ! 	thanks . i 'm glad too haha . i ca n't wait ! 
could you explain that to me a little more in depth ? i have seen the emulation stuff , but printers on this level are a bit above me . thanks 	basically , in your manual it will have a list of printers it can pretend to be . pick one that works in linux and configure the printer to be that printer and then set it up on linux like that . 
think about this : perfect dictatorship requires one perfect person , perfect democracy requires perfect people . 	alternatively : dictatorship can be abused by a single man , democracy can only be abused by a majority . 
in my experience you need a pretty large room for 7 . 1 to be effective . in most cases i 've seen 5 . 1 is more than enough . 	the good news it , that with a decent receiver , you can always easily upgrade to 7 . 1 if you ever feel the need . 
not true . i made one of those posts over 10 hours ago and i 'm only a little drunk . i 'll change my rule to every 21st upvote if my post starts gaining traction , though 	show a little cleavage and reference one of the reddit tropes and you 'll be swamped with upvotes . 
mainly balloons and ice cream if you 've got them , if not just the bubble wand and throwing beans are cool c : 	ahh i do n't believe i have those : c but ok ! gimmie a few i have to afk for a little bit , i 'll msg you when i 'm back if that 's okay ? : o 
how have i not heard about this ? looks cool , but it looks like it may turn into one of those reach exceeds grasp type projects . 	what do you mean reach exceeds grasp project ? 
get a steering wheel controller for the pc , and a vr headset , and you have yourself a big rig simulator , essentially . people like to drive . 	i wish they made big - rig usb steering wheels . 
i did n't think many people were actually playing these simulator games for more than just a bit to check them out . 	i played about 99 hours last summer . i do n't even know why . when i got home from work i would just put on a stream on my other monitor , get some food and drive trucks . 
do you own your rig or drive for a company ?   	i 'm a company driver . but i 'm saving for my own truck . 
i do n't understand the fascination with this game . can anyone explain why trucking simulators are popular ? 	ets online is fun with friends . me and my friends would try and get the same load from one city to another and convoy to our drop . that game is way more fun than i thought it would be 
you just have to try it , i personally like the challenge of parking the dam rig . 	it 's really fun to do it with the camera in cab mode , with only the trucks side mirrors , and with the wheel , gearbox , and clutch brake and gas logitech g27 . it 's really enjoyable . 
so including all the money the make from dota all year round you dont think they make much ? 	nobody knows how much they make . the thing is , they have a certain budget for the prize pool , and it does n't seem like they are willing to bump it up that much . 
yes , i do . does n't make it any less silly just means some 19th century man had bad tastes and made everyone else where them too . 	i think it looks awesome ! not just the plain boring camouflage like the rest of the world . 
nobody remembers the dark ages when you had to buy your pc games from retail stores . 	atleast in the dark ages , kids would go into a game store and see that pc gaming even exists ! 
australia is the only place where they serve flat white , as far as i know .  edit : wow , til something ! 	i 've found it in thailand , hk and now recently in taiwan where it was the only drink without a chinese translation 
it 's a bucs life 	it 's a hard bucs life 
these are all shortcomings of the state . it 's why we have democracy , to make things better . all we need to do is vote ! 	funny how my vote never counts . 
thank you for this . what i 'd really like to find is very well sourced compilation of all deaths directly at the hands of states over some time period .   	states have a massive vested interest in making sure accurate numbers are never kept . at least not numbers the public would ever see . 
fucking never your alliance is the dumpster people only join when there 's no where else to go 	thats great coming from you ! 
it 's not monday in freedom land yet . i do n't need this fake euro monday trash talk ! 	do n't you have some country to invade for some fruit company or something ? 
it 's not bad until you realize iceland only gets 4 hours of daylight to begin with . 	except its past the equinox and in a month there wont be night . 
why is n't their music in this game ? 	because their music sucks . the background music that is in the game is ok for the first 10 hours of listening to it . 
mls ? major league soccer in yankee - land ? why are kitchen appliances playing soccer ? 	i demand only the best from my team ! i spent good money to get that dishwasher a few months ago , so we had better qualify for the cup this year . 
it 's so soft and luxurious .  maybe because over a gallon of lotion a week 	you meant my right hand , right ? 
i 'd like to try that at some point , but i do n't really smoke enough for that to be worth the time right now . 	it 's fun and your knowledge of tobacco will increase 10 fold . 
i just scratch them . 	i scratch by just grasping the erection with a firm grip and moving my hand up and down until the itch goes away . 
you are now aware that somewhere in your body is itchy . 	god dammit ! 
internal parasite . i 've seen this many times in my career . 	he 's a doctor , checks out . 
internal parasite . i 've seen this many times in my career . 	what if it 's not consistent ? is it just muscle being weird ? 
you are now aware that somewhere in your body is itchy . 	for me it was my knee . 
so why do healing wounds itch then ? 	healing wounds is an inflammatory process .  many inflammatory cells gather in the area to repair it .  inflammation causes itching . 
thanks : d so picard traveled to the simpson planet that was being attacked by aliens , he 's in a dress because his readings were wrong on the proper attire for the planet . 	picard is wearing a very pretty dress !  that 's awesome ! i like it when people do crazy shit with cakes . i feel like you could write a nice piece of fan fiction with what you have right now . 
what first loss ? 	this joke assumes that he eventually lost one . 
same , it puts pressure on united to spend massive on bale , plus we are known for playing youths which is what depay is looking for . 	to be fair united are known for playing young players as well . how much do liverpool reckon you would offer depay pw ? 
jesus christ . i ca n't believe i 'm siding with liverpool here but my god that 's uncalled for . 	if you do n't mind , what did he say ? it 's been deleted . 
i did this once . the only time i 've ever run a red . fortunately nobody was turning so i got through safely . 	i think i did it twice , i can still remember the two intersections . so much shame . i was not a good driver in high school . 
holy fuck how can people like you get licensed to drive ? this is exactly the kind of brain dead logic that gets people killed . 	oh stop being so dramatic . if you look both ways and no one is there then its safe to cross . no one is going to get killed . 
because life is short and 3 seconds are just too long to wait . 	i get your point but i heard that an average human spends about 3 weeks of their life waiting for the light to turn green . that 's a long ass time . 
still a bit to go ? her health is probably fine by now . any other changes to lose weight would be personal choice more than health . 	he said nothing about health . and she indeed has some weight she still needs to shake off , she is still fat 
how do they actually cast it ? 	they do n't but the other players help . 
how do they actually cast it ? 	they do n't , their opponent casts show and tell and it is what they choose to put in . 
cup of soda is also a very threatening item to use for a flip . could probably get opponents to concede on the spot . 	the thing is , that would be willingly damaging of foreign property , which is  a . illegal and  b . would get you dq 'd too . 
how do they actually cast it ? 	they do n't . they put it into play when the other player casts show and tell . as a legacy burn player i can tell you that that is literally one of the best feelings in magic for me . 
why are you killing them with omniscience if you play omni ?  the whole reason omni has gotten better results than normal show and tell is its immune to most of these tricks .   	because you dont always have the omniscience , but have the emrakul ? its a simple case of variance . 
as long as it 's in my hands before the end of august , we will have no problems . sooner the better , though . 	i agree , and for what i paid i could care less if it never comes . it is more for shits and gigs . 
truth hurts tonight . whoever keeps downvoting this guy , just for the sake of downvoting him , is a class - a douchebag .  he 's entitled to an opinion . 	i occasionally downvote not because he is saying something i do n't like , but because he is saying something that is flat out false . od cares . the players care . 
let 's try to stay above . 500 for a while , just to see how it feels . 	baby steps . 
does that mean he has to stick his penis in a cake ? 	we could give it to the overall loser of the pick the stick game at the end of the season ! 
out curiosity , why 12 hours a day ? 	he gets dropped off in the morning at 6 , and gets picked up in the evening around 6 or 6 : 30 . my brother in law is a mechanic and works long days , so i watch my nephew while he is at work 
dont feel bad man . i have two kids and trust me there are many times i would rather be drinking beer and fishing ! 	i did n't really drink that much until i had kids . i wait until they 've gone to bed for the night , but they stress me the fuck out . 
labor can last a day . you go after the baby is born to congratulate . if you 're there because you know your brother needs your support , then good on ya . 	i said this earlier in the thread , but everyone in my family is really close . we are all always there for support , so not being there was not really an option . 
maybe i am the father ? 	12 angry men . 
i found labor to be one of the most boring experiences in the world . why on god 's green earth you 'd want to include anybody not directly involved is beyond me . 	reminds me of my pregnancy mantra : outside of medical staff , the only ones who will be there for the birth are those who were there for the conception . 
maybe i am the father ? 	dad ? 
anyone want to put this in context for american fans ? what city ? why would it pleased about the election results ? 	i just assumed he was referring to the rich people who live in cities , rich people being the only ones benefited by the conservatives . 
for the record , i do n't support ukip at all . 	oh no i realised that and completely get the argument you 're trying to make - i just find that video hilarious 
measure the fuel pressure , i would n't throw parts at it . there are lots of things that can cause power loss and reduced mpg .   	do you have a suggestion of certain items to check that i may have over looked ? 
you guys know you 're just one giant poe 's law in action right ? half of you are just trolling to be edgy teens , the other are actually factually that hateful and ignorant . 	whatever you say . you are free to come over and debate sometime if you like . 
i really miss the look of that little blue van . is there not a way to toggle between the overkill and regular version ? 	you can disable the overkill pack dlc and the van will revert back to it 's regular color . 
that i have a metal plate in my arm or that i 've lived 13 different cities . 	whats your favourite city ? 
what whats a bot ? 	robot . computer player . 
that is what i was trying to explain sorry , i thought it was more obvious i was including freeze time and plants and halftime . my mistake man . 	sure , just wanted to make it clear for anyone 
ask broncos fans about what they think of kicks from 32 yards . 	hell , the reason justin tucker has a job with the ravens right now is because of a missed 32 yard field goal . 
does n't this make good kickers more valuable ? 	my thoughts exactly . a good kicker would expect more money now . 
that was the one we did last year . 	well , glad to know i 'm knocking them both out in less than one week . cool ! thanks . 
incorrect . he has to wait one second until he can swap back to it , not one second to jump back to it . 	lol , holy shit i did n't play him since the patch but i thought they limit the time in the other way xd then my post is useless anyway thx man , i 'm glad i was mistaken 
hezbollah is a really bad joke . cant wait to see them destroyed in the next war , if al nusra does n't do it by then . 	underestimating your enemy is about the worst thing we can do , and one of the key lessons sun tzu taught . 
that 's a really sweet breakdown of the relic weapons ! but i 'm having trouble understanding the sharpness row , what does it mean with the 20s and 40s and 10s ? 	those numbers represent the amount of attacks that you can do before the weapon drops to white sharpness . 
my only question is , how did you get 8 game messages in 25 mins ? they pop up for me like every 30 seconds . 	he was probably somewhere where the chat is rarely used ? 
seems like a sign of autism . 	some would say doing everything the most efficient way and bothering others that do not follow that exact thing is more like autism . 
thus broke his vow . i wonder if it makes a difference . after all , gilly was warned by aemon to go south , and sam was warned he is losing all his friends . 	nothing saying they ca n't have sex , as long as they do n't take a wife or father any children . 
yeah , but jamie was just a sister - fucking dickwad who 's house was rivals with our favorite house . this guy has done some seriously sick shit , and loves it . 	it 's crazy thinking back to how joffrey was the most evil person in the show . compared to ramsey he just seems like a spoiled child . 
thus broke his vow . i wonder if it makes a difference . after all , gilly was warned by aemon to go south , and sam was warned he is losing all his friends . 	the vow is to not have children , it does n't say anything about sex iirc . 
yes , we have to pay for it though . all the free lipton you can drink but no one drinks that shit here . 	what 's the chances that a lipton employee just stumbles across this post ? 
did cam listen doe ? 	i think so , never saw that guy again . big surprise he did n't attend the school functions 
your spreadsheet does n't say who you 're betting on . 	i do n't know if he edited it after your comment , but the team in the first column is the one they bet on . 
yeah i 'm not downloading some shitty web player to watch one match . live updates would be a godsend . 	i can do updates , but how do i start a live thread ? 
interesting . i 'd like to try this some time . seriously , call me . i love food . 	wait what just happened ? 
yes . who does n't like free food ? shit , i 'll sit and listen to you dumb presentation for a free meal any time . seriously , call me . 	ayyy bb u wan sum lunch ? 
we 're talking about a game . it does n't really matter what they do in real life . 	are we playing the same game ? 
dear god that actually sounds awesome . wish i had that lol edit : where did you get a physical copy ? i did n't even know those existed .   	microcenter , just so happened to see it as i walked past their pc game section . 
the huey is easier once you start to know what you 're doing . the hip is alright in a cruise , with the autopilot , but i ca n't for the life of me control it in a hover 	interesting , i was very quick to find a hover with the mi - 8 . it does seem more susceptible to side slipping though . 
and just bought a - 10c physical copy . oh well , worth it for the instruction booklet alone , complete with color pictures ! 	dear god that actually sounds awesome . wish i had that lol edit : where did you get a physical copy ? i did n't even know those existed .   
i agree with army - navy , but i think i can speak for both academies when i say we do n't really give a shit about air force . 	yeah , i just have a deep love for all of the academies . option bros need to stick together . 
southern circle jerk in here . if that is true you have n't been watching cfb long . 	sorry we do n't know when a game is played ? i mean , i assume it 's the last game of the year but it 's not like i go out of my way to look it up . 
you realize columbus and ann arbor are only 20 miles further apart than tuscaloosa and auburn , right ? 	and ? do you have a huge split of ohio state and michigan fans in michigan ? or vice versa .   
one of the most underrated films of all time . grew up watching this . loved it then , love it now . 	i 'm the same , i watched the film with a friend and he did n't laugh once - awkward as fuck . 
dude wtf . did he pass out ? was he just paying zero attention ?  any more info ? i gotta know 	from wherever else this gif got posted , i believe the general consensus was that he probably tried slamming on the breaks , but slid on the icy road . 
from wherever else this gif got posted , i believe the general consensus was that he probably tried slamming on the breaks , but slid on the icy road . 	yeah if you watch the background you can see another semi lose control and his trailer slide to the side . 
because we did n't hit it off as much as you thought and while you were nice to flirt with , i have no interest in actually continuing on with anything . 	there are times when people hit it off with someone and decide not to follow up anyway . that 's not an impossible scenario .  op said to assume mutual interest anyway . 
if you remember the name of the pedal or find it out , i would appreciate it hugely . thank you ! 	i ca n't remember the exact one i had , but it was similar to the detox eq by homebrew electronics . 
they have the fourth best pp in the league man . 	i 'm well aware of that . but with the number of pps that we were gifted today , we should have converted on at least one of them . 
it appears to be a russian rpg - 40 anti - tank grenade . 	helmet looks russian too  life - expectancy is very soviet 
nice , you bought the propaganda .  remember fdr single handedly killed hitler while making the emperor of japan surrender . 	you 've clearly responded to something that i did n't write . 
such an interesting book ; i need to re - read it again . his writing style makes it a fairly easy read compared to some other books in the genre . 	he 's certainly one of my favorite historical authors . 
dont interrupt the sacred anti - russian circlejerk !  russians are the bad guys , we are the good guys , cold war propaganda told us so ! 	i 'm more than happy to jump in and throw rotten tomatoes at joe . i just feel that sam 's stocks are often way too clean on these occasions . 
i laughed pretty hard at this . we all end up this way . might as well try and make light of it . 	we all die scared shitless and alone in an unmarked grave ? 
why is a meme being made out of a dead soldiers remains ? show some decency ! 	because war is stupid . 
i 'm certainly not here to say that stalin was a good guy , or that soviet military tactics were n't objectionable , but that the soviet union was responsible for the fall of nazi germany . 	honestly hitler has just as much blame for the fall of nazi germany , he was a grossly incompetent commander 
and also executing your own soldiers if they dont want to run into the nice ol machine gun over there . 	read a history book . that 's hollywood . order 227 was only in effect for a short time and was widely ignored . 
we all die scared shitless and alone in an unmarked grave ? 	you did n't follow the timeline far enough . we all end up dead . dust to dust . we are all just ghosts driving around meat cars made out of stardust . 
dae like to start drama by posting irrelevant comments ? 	dae not get references ?  or sarcasm , for that matter ?  also , where 's all this drama i started , exactly ? this comment had one upvote and no comments , plus it 's over a day old . 
pre buyout . who would ever support a team of mercenaries owned by a foreigner , anyway ? 	dude you 're a monaco fan for gods sake 
local . it 's ice crystals in the upper atmosphere . i saw it the last two nights in nw florida . 	i saw one friday night in gainesville . i always enjoy catching one . 
local . it 's ice crystals in the upper atmosphere . i saw it the last two nights in nw florida . 	 i live in ne florida and see these all the time . do you think it has something to do with how much moisture is in the floridian sky at any given time ? 
i 'm in west texas and saw this when i took my dog out a little bit ago . i was just looking up what it was . pretty cool . you got a much better picture than i could with my phone . 	where at in west texas ? im from andrews and just moved from big spring 
do you know how local they are ? for instance , would this view just be available to my area of the country , or the country as a whole or further ? 	i 'm in west texas and saw this when i took my dog out a little bit ago . i was just looking up what it was . pretty cool . you got a much better picture than i could with my phone . 
does it fit tts ?  how is the hood ? 	yes i wear medium in everything else and it fits me perfect .  the hood is a little large compared to real supreme box logos . 
yeah , that was bad . the way the guy who argued with was downvoted out of existence was terrible . 	made me sad cause uni was a great guy , just got a bit power hungry 
yeah , but we 've had multiple joke wallpapers and it 's getting annoying 	i 've seen two and i agree . they were n't funny the first time imho . 
fair enough . just curious : did the bot catch that my post was n't right ? i intentionally tried to trick it by formatting the title like i did . 	your post was reported by a user . you should n't be intentionally trying to break our rules : p . i preferred to think of it as willful ignorance . 
your post was reported by a user . you should n't be intentionally trying to break our rules : p . i preferred to think of it as willful ignorance . 	i never saw a rule against it . but i wo n't do if again . 
yeah , we 've got lady gaga wearing a meat dress . who needs gg ? 	yeah and you can literally spend a lifetime watching the most depraved disgusting human behavior online . nothing in music could possibly be shocking anymore . 
does anyone really find him interesting anymore ? i understand back then the stuff he did on stage was shocking but by today 's standards it seems pretty boring . 	yeah , we 've got lady gaga wearing a meat dress . who needs gg ? 
i wonder how well this will compete with what 's already available . i did n't see anything that was appealing enough for me to want to switch from android to this phone . 	i think the appeal of ubuntu is that there are no ecosystem restrictions and everything is open . it all depends on what developers do with it , same as linux . this will come with time . 
do i need to have the second router configured before i plug it into the receiving adapter ? 	yes . just plug it in by itself to a computer . configure it then hook it into the network 
nice , i 'd like a longer barrel though , say 16 or so inches to make it a true carbine . that would be the hardest part i suppose . 	if you have a barrel that long why not buy a real carbine ? the only real advantage would be the compact size . 
third option , home schooled . 	fourth option , sunday schooled . 
is n't the entire old testament pretty much a giant list of who to genocide and when ? 	to be fair , there 's really no evidence that anything written in the ot ever happened . so those could all just be genocidal fantasies . 
also there are other places ? like , far away . what the hell , world ? 	life in general , man . 
saw the legend himself solo crota , wanted to try my luck , waiting until i was 32 and experienced with the fight . took 4 tries . easier than i thought but it was fun . 	it was more fun than i could have thought . being able to get the same thrill of completion as when the raid was fresh and 6 man teams were having difficult doing it . 
im sure its do - able . i use icebreaker because of ammo regen . fatebringer or other hand cannons do a pretty good chunk with precision shots . 	well , i 'm sure once i get my solar one to 331 it 's be easier . it 's the 3 round mag that kills me a little . 
the pats - broncos game one is funny . i like his shit 	yeah this guy is pretty funny , his only fault is he 's a broncos fan . 
if i went into this expecting a superhero movie , would i be disappointed ? 	yes , and no . watch it . 
but how would you get to gold v without playing 10 matches beforehand ? that 's what confused me . 	there used to not be qualifiers , everyone used to start at bronze v , this is s slightly newer version of the league system . 
10 matches after qualifying ? you have to play 10 to get placed . 	10 matches period , qualifiers and normal matches both count towards that goal . so if you play all 10 of your qualifiers and are placed in at least gold v , you will be fine . 
the mixture was wrong . we had 6 - 7 layers . we redid my hood 3 times and by the third time we had it perfect . it was smooth , stretchy , and came off in one piece . the rest ? not so much . 	too bad dip your car probably did n't have their magic dip remover available yet . that shit is a godsend . 
light up exhaust . 	i did not know this was a thing . i want to see this now 
how many do you have for sale . 	couple million , selling fast though and a few people are interested . 
ok , you know ppl are trying to copy your account right ? 	yep , just have to make sure you 're dealing with me . pm me i 'm on now . couple people looking though so i may be out by the time you get on . 
what does one do when they sit next to that on a bus ? 	stand up and run quickly in the other direction . fish phone out of pocket , take pic , post it here . 
i give up ! you 're hard to please .  contact the presenters on social media . they are n't famous enough to ignore your messages . 	ooh that 's a good idea ! 
think about it in a positive light , people from the chicago area can have the same type of fun experiences that you had . 	yeah hope you guys have a blast !  they also gave out free pizza the first night . 
thats dope , im currently paying tons of money every year to browse reddit all day in a university setting . 	damn , poor fella 
do n't buy them . they 're low effort challenge maps . no story content 	ok thanks for your answer , gonna take the base game then 
i hope to god they do n't . we 've seen uncle ben die enough . 	i just had a great idea for a twist : uncle ben lives . aunt may dies . superhero fans everywhere throw things at the screen . 
wish capcom had the license for marvel games still , x - men mutant apocalypse on the snes was wonderful , same with war of the gems 	you 've gotta keep in mind that capcom is absolutely not the same capcom it was 20 years ago . they 've changed quite a bit , mostly for the worse . 
i agree except for shattered dimensions . while some points were great a spiderman game where swinging is n't fun just does n't come off right to me 	i thought the swinging was fine but i understand not liking it as much compared to other games . 
what do you mean remove ? they 'll be taken off the store or if you buy it you 'll no longer be able to play ? 	taken off the store , if you buy a game you 'll keep it even if it gets removed from store . 
aur ek hain . made my heart sink not sunk 	thanks again . dont know what i was thinking . i could have simply written - my heart sank or anything other than that . thats what happens when you do n't review your first draft . 
drown it . is n't that what most people do ? 	i am not for easy death . make him suffer and live . 
not now . but i used to play the flute really well , some piano , and a lot of trumpet . do n't try the trumpet , i had to in school and i hated it . 	i used to play the flute . a long time ago , in a galaxy far away . 
so i caught this rat in my rat trap . now i feel like torturing him since he is alive .  any ideas ? 	make a tv show about a car trying to kill that rat . make sure the rest does n't due though . i think that concept has some good potential 
i am not for easy death . make him suffer and live . 	calm down ramsey . 
so i caught this rat in my rat trap . now i feel like torturing him since he is alive .  any ideas ? 	and here we have our own desi big brother . 
so i caught this rat in my rat trap . now i feel like torturing him since he is alive .  any ideas ? 	find a cat . 
guilty . i did this during almost all the harry potter movies . 	and i hate that and because of this watching harry potter movies with friends was not a good experience .  i 've seen only two movies da vinci code and fault in our stars after reading the book 
thank you for reading it . i 'd write tons of them once my board exams are finished . 	yay . i will be looking forward to it . just page me whenever you write any new stuff . i would be more than happy to read it . 
lel . brace yourselves , two more movies to be made to complete the trilogy . 	i think one movie is enough for me . and the hype will probably die down before the other two come out . 
find a dog . 	how would a dog get inside a rat trap saar ? 
have you gotten cp before ? or been vaccinated ? 	nope , no cp before . might have been vaccinated . i ca n't remember . 
turn away and slam the door ! 	wtf my finger got squished between the door !  not cool bro , not cool bro i ca n't stand this pain anymore !     
how would a dog get inside a rat trap saar ? 	the dog is to scare the cat into going inside the trap . 
so i caught this rat in my rat trap . now i feel like torturing him since he is alive .  any ideas ? 	dude why would you wanna torture it ? let it go . 
she was fine and he was too . the movie has a shitty plot and you ca n't expect the actors to somehow do better than that . 	lel . brace yourselves , two more movies to be made to complete the trilogy . 
not now . but i used to play the flute really well , some piano , and a lot of trumpet . do n't try the trumpet , i had to in school and i hated it . 	how could you get hold of a piano ? i 've heard they are pretty expensive . also , how do you know the sound of each key ? do you learn it with practice ? 
cut its head off and hang it like ned stark 's in front of rest of the rats . 	interesting i dont know this ned stark reference but how will get all those rats in one place . killing wont solve much he needs to live to tell the tale . 
i used to play the flute . a long time ago , in a galaxy far away . 	is it fun ? how long did you take to create a sound out of flute ? 
lesson for the day : never speak of your family problems in front of people who can take advantage of you . 	amen , brother 
wow , that is nice hobby . i will try that . thanks . do you play ?   	not now . but i used to play the flute really well , some piano , and a lot of trumpet . do n't try the trumpet , i had to in school and i hated it . 
musical instruments ! 	wow , that is nice hobby . i will try that . thanks . do you play ?   
i could agree with you to some extent , but the road certainly was painfully dull at times . fallout was a bit more explosive , per se 	yeah i agree , for the realm of fucked up post - apocalyptic literature the road is basically the standard for me . 
hot damn is that the a - 10s grandfather or something 	cold war is best war . 
what i 'm saying is you ca n't volunteer for it , not like other special forces . 	let 's assume your daddy is a general or something . 
i 'm so far away from being able to speak computer . 	more like , what kind of messages would trigger the bot and what would the bot say . i speak computer but only dabble in military : p 
its not bad if you drive . but yeah public transit sucks 	yeah coming from manhattan it 's a real pain in the ass . i do n't mind the trip out , it 's the getting back that is always a disaster . 
have you played since new ownership ? disney was too cheap to cool the rink . 	i played 3 months ago before the first vancouver game of the season . 
those bridges that block your view of the jumbotron are kind of annoying though . 	now that is an actual point about the arena and not just a complaint about market size . 
i 've sat on the very top row three times and it never disappoints . i love it . plus i love seeing my high school and college represented in the stadium like you said as well . 	the first time i walked in and saw my insignificant high school 's uniform on the wall i got all light in the head . really felt apart of the great tradition . 
arena wise , i cannot think of any flaws . the beer is too expensive , but other than that it 's just such a great tribute to the sport . 	to be fair the only time i have left a sporting event and did n't say the beer was too expensive was a brewers game . 
a blog that makes no attempt at being scientific is hardly the right source material for this sub . and op seems to lack even the most basic ability for critical thinking . 	where can it be posted if not in a science subreddit ? 
this . and frankly there 's nothing we can do about that , other than accept it and wait for the community to shrink again after red is over . 	community was still some what big on emerald some of the emerald art had 3000 up votes . 
all i know is you can easily get much more money selling for yourself than trading in to gamestop . 	i doubt people will going to buy my old 3ds xl . they can just get a new 3ds xl model . 
man . are you fucking kidding me , op ? how obvious do you require a joke to be before you understand it ? 	god damn it ! do n't you fucking tell these people the truth ! we want to bitch at jokes we do n't understand ! 
also , do n't invite police in to your house - they are powerless to enter otherwise or is that vampires 	actually it 's both . the police cannot legally enter your home without consent or a warrant . 
this also works with judges , if you perform the arrest you now gain the judicial powers of the judge and can absolve yourself of all convictions . 	citizens arrest stems from the old debate practice of eating your opponent 's heart to gain his power . 
you could try java fern , depending how big your goldfish are its a pretty hardy plant , grows fast too to help it sink you can tie it to a larger rock or piece of driftwood 	that did not work in my tank ; the roots are too flimsy even when given suitable time to root . they did not eat them , just pulled them up . 
that depend on the sub itself . np is just a css hack , so if you have css disabled , then it does n't help , or if the sub does n't have np css it usually does n't help 	i just tested it , it works with and without subreddit style enabled . i do n't know how res hides the arrows , but it works . 
haha , i have to buy a house before i move , and i have n't been able to look around too much . 	you 're moving again ? is this a total relocation or just moving homes ? 
if you comment , srd will ban you . if the admins crack down on a large brigade , they wo n't care where you came from , you 'll likely get sb 'd 	thanks . and if you stick to voting and do n't comment ? 
i think this would work better if he was throwing an upvote off the cliff : x 	this was more like a 'when i down vote something already on the frontpage 'version to contrast the upvote one . 
yea although that has a lot to do with lazy porting since consoles have shared memory . 	yeah , i know they 're shared , that 's why i said that they 've allocated more for gaming . 
this is my problem and i have fucking 138 games on steam . 	the problem only gets worse the more games you get .  i 'm sitting at 800 at the moment and all i play is cs : go 
it 's the ultimate first person shooter . 	ok dad you can have an upvote . happy ? 
and it was concentrated on her head . 	and it was concentrated on her face .  ftfy 
because when they come down on a school of fish , the concussion from the impact stuns them long enough for the manta ray to go around leisurely and scarf up a few . 	of course . that 's why i always belly flop at the local pool . 
of course . that 's why i always belly flop at the local pool . 	to school the fish ? 
because when they come down on a school of fish , the concussion from the impact stuns them long enough for the manta ray to go around leisurely and scarf up a few . 	false . rays do this to kill parasites on their body 
of course . that 's why i always belly flop at the local pool . 	to stun the children so you can eat them ? 
because when they come down on a school of fish , the concussion from the impact stuns them long enough for the manta ray to go around leisurely and scarf up a few . 	that would be cool if it were true but it 's not . so it 's not . 
the belly flops are strong with this species . 	because when they come down on a school of fish , the concussion from the impact stuns them long enough for the manta ray to go around leisurely and scarf up a few . 
no more fucking trash talk threads . 	grow up . it 's a forum thread . 
fuck 10 p . m start times 	but west coast fans love it ! i was able to put in a full days work and the game had n't started yet : d 
every game , is a home game 	especially on this trip ! 
crown and coke ? also ever have the maple crown ? so good . 	the new regal apple is also very good . i could drink it straight no problem 
pull jimmy , yesterday . 	we have allowed way more shots on goal too . 
he already got his first point , unless you mean goal ? 	yeah i meant goal . shoulda been more specific lol 
makes me so mad . i live in illinois and it forces me to go to a bar . i ca n't stand the low quality streams i 've found online over the years . fortunately it 's only a few games a year tho . 	tin lizzie ? 
most of us are good natured folk . c 'mon in . 	hah i have been around here for a long while , but i normally just tweet during games . like i said last game was fun in here though , so i want to be around more . 
what i 'm saying is you could put a taco bell turd in goalie pads and stick it in the net and it would n't be as soft as howard .  eta : y 'all motherfuckers need comedy . laugh a little , eh ? 	give the man some credit . his last game sucked and he had a bad 5 minutes tonight but the dude has been great this year . 
rough couple minutes guys , we know better than to count this team out though . 	after twice coming back from 2 goal deficits on saturday i am never counting them out again . 
it went pretty well actually , much better than our other 1st periods . 	that 's excellent , i see we are up in the shots department . i am confident we wo n't have a calgary level 3rd period so the key was our first 2 periods . 
tomorrow 's game is even later ? goddamnit 	it 's not even that late where you are , is it ? 
sometimes it 's really nice to be in the alaska time zone . it 's only a quarter to 9 here . sorry to you poor et bastards . 	and i work at 9 : 00am . bleh . 
that 's what i 'm saying . they were really going at it too . sparks and everything . the winning guy hit the sword out of the other dudes hands and it flew a good 15 feet 	not gonna lie , that 's baller as fuck . nothing like some knights clashing swords , making sparks , on ice . 
my streams running slow and quite delayed so seeing your comment made me think we lost . so i sat here waiting for the worst 	hah sorry mate , we are good so far . 
hahaha nice ! i ca n't believe it took me this long to become a member . i always thought about it , but never did 	such a great investment , you always see them reselling for so much down the road , too . thus my multiple subscriptions 
ugh why is that always the first thought ? 	probably human nature . 
you think selling at print sets would be a good idea ? like four prints in a bundle or something . 	well , i 'd certainly buy it . 
always make sure to get checked for frame damage regardless of visible markings . body on frame vehicles do not always show how badly they actually got damaged in collisions . 	oh i plan on taking it to a body shop to be sure . she had insurance , so there 's no reason not to play it safe . 
he does n't eat pizza or drink beer ! would pretzels do it ? maybe i 'm overthinking it too much but keeping it casual does n't seem enough ? 	wut . what kind of gamer does n't eat pizza ?  but seriously , i 'm sure pretzels would be fine . is this some kind of special occasion ? 
thanks but this was n't a friend request . it was a lfg request . 	that is also not permitted for the same reason . 
that is slick . 	i know , probably the most sleek looking knife i 've owned . 
freshman mistakes . i can him being a game changer as a true pg for us . we need a 2 guard for him to help space the floor , maybe move marcus over to the shooting guard . 	they are both midgets . it 's a terrible liability on d playing them both at the same time . i 'm sure roy would like to , but he just cannot . 
our offense has looked so much better the last 2 games . 	big spanish ! and this is without mac and angel . fucking bad losses and having to play rapists man 
whats new over the past 10 games ? 	minus the ga tech game , nothing . 
i do n't understand how this is cheap . 600 keys wat there 's a huge gold blob in the middle 	sure , and try getting a blue ring 1 with this much blue for cheaper 
speaking of rick and morty , any idea when season 2 is coming ? i saw his username too and instantly started wondering . 	i do n't think there is a confirmed date yet . just up - in - the - air summer 2015 . at least we know it 's coming though ! wooo ! 
sometime this year according to imdb . 	netflix originals are usually on a yearly cycle , so it should be around august of this year . 
ya it 's hard seeing people not understand what you like . 	yeah , i know they will love it too they just hav n't given it a proper shot . 
but that is kind of the joke though . 	so you 're saying one of the shining moments is a running gag that has been around for ages ? great . 
when does season 2 come out ? i 'll have to reschedule all my other time wasting activities 	sometime this year according to imdb . 
double confirmed .  tilt brush on the vive is insane . it 's truly the best experience we 've developed so far . if you 're at gdc , do anything you can to get a demo of it . 	for the love gaben you 're making me burst at my seams with excitement . 
new 2015 m3 hits 0 - 60 in 3 . 9 	he 's not talking about the new one . the point is that the rc - f seems to be targeting the old one , and has many similar characteristics . 
if you follow the link in the title , you 'll find the gofundme page for his family . 	yep , found it , thanks . i had just assumed it was an article or letter . stupid me ! 
i feel like this is to stop bots but guys are n't going to like this . this is borderline retarded and will kill the app 	its to grab money . with or without bots this would have happened anyway . 
got mine back - 179 !  i 'd get drunk if i was n't at work ! 	holy shit . good fucking job . 
i agree . im not in a desperate situation or anything and barely 21 so no rush to get into law school . i want to kick this tests butt already ! 	good luck ! ask any questions you may have . i 'd be happy to help . 
 166 short of what i wanted , but i 'll take it . 	it was 15 point improvement over how i started out . 
someone wiggling their finger around in my belly button . 	omg , yes .  my toddler does that to me while he nurses some times . drives me batty . although i do find it less annoying than when he shoves a finger up my nose . gave me a bloody nose once . 
i 'm so sorry ! i hope things work out for the better for you ! 	it really was for the best , i was thinking of leaving her and she just beat me to it .  although , i do appreciate your sentiment ! 
even worse is reading it over text and having to wait till you can talk in person . 	happened to me at lunch today . i 'm now single . 
even worse is reading it over text and having to wait till you can talk in person . 	that is by far the worst thing ever . my ex used to send me those messages and they were always something stupid but every time my stomach would drop . 
happened to me at lunch today . i 'm now single . 	damn man , sorry you had to go through that . i hope you the best . 
when your legs fall asleep on the toilet . 	and then the feeling of learning to walk again after you finish up . 
when your legs fall asleep on the toilet . 	my vagina fell asleep while i was on the toilet . 
something hitting that big vein next to your elbow . 	did you know there 's a similar point in your knee ?  found that one out the hard way once . felt like a wanted to chop off my leg at the knee . 
but , god , the fifteen minutes after i 'm done vomiting for that round are great . not good enough to want to do it all the time , but good . 	not if you vomit bile . there is just no release then , and just an aftertaste designed by the devil himself . 
the few seconds before you vomit .  when you 're about to break up with someone who does n't see it coming lol 	but , god , the fifteen minutes after i 'm done vomiting for that round are great . not good enough to want to do it all the time , but good . 
my mother got drunk and slept with someone she had known for a month . she was in school . i can fully appreciate that is not an optimal child bearing opportunity . 	the douche has no idea what hes saying and does not make one bit of sense . there were at least contradictions in that post . 
i sympathize with you , but the bit about being in a relationship where you disagree on potential parenthood ? wha ? 	he was really into the idea of romance and love conquering all , and if one person in the relationship wants a baby you give them one or you do n't love them . 
no big deal , i was leaning towards doing that once i get some momentum going , do n't you have to pay taxes quarterly as an llc ? 	depends on your state and type of business i think . i never had to . 
has she given them head since you started dating ? 	no , but its my goal to get her to suck them off again some time , would be so hot . 
are you still friends with these guys ? did it or does it lead to any awkwardness around them knowing she had their cocks in her mouth ? 	yes still good friends with them . its awkward sometimes for sure , but also a turn on . 
man , that 's hot . did they fuck her or just use her mouth ? 	just used her mouth . john tried to fuck her but only got it in a little bit cause it hurt too much she said . 
yes still good friends with them . its awkward sometimes for sure , but also a turn on . 	has she given them head since you started dating ? 
as a kid all dogs were male , all cats were female . i blame disney . 	are you saying lady and the tramp are a gay couple ? 
ca n't blog bs like this either . conclusive proof that a chihuahua is smarter than an sjw . 	if chihuahuas could blog , there 's no telling what idiocracy they 'd post . 
put all your crap back in your pockets and sit down in them before you say they are comfortable is the lesson it took me way to long to learn . 	sitting down is clutch , so many times i 've loved pants and bought them only to hate them the next time i wore them to the office . 
thanks for the advice . i 'll attempt to find them in a department store to try them on . i was looking into levi 's , but it seemed they were heavy on the skinny jean side . 	i do n't know your build , but i 've found for myself it 's often better to size up a slim fit than go for a loose fit . 
as a fat person , it makes no sense . 	i agree . there 's no way in hell my hips are getting that far down in a pair of pants . 
correct me if i 'm wrong , but was n't wine weaker back then ? more like a safe drinking alternative to water ? 	they diluted it with water when they drank it . 
correct me if i 'm wrong , but was n't wine weaker back then ? more like a safe drinking alternative to water ? 	safer than water but still full of lead ! 
man , mondays suck in la . i was hoping to find something to do on monday night after the game , but no hockey , no decent shows seem to be happening , guess i 'll lock myself in my hotel room . 	just watch the game again on mlb . tv . kershaw no - hitters are always fun to re - watch , especially with hanley gone . 
how is this different than real life joe hart ? 	i know it 's a joke , but joe hart 's actually been playing really well this season . 
how difficult is this game to pick up ? i 've never played dark souls . i did not like lords of the fallen that much and sold it - should i avoid dark souls ? 	only thing i can say about dark souls is get ready to be frustrated . the game will crush your soul but is probably one of the most rewarding games i 've ever played . 
just comes with the dlc and is 1080p , 60fps . that 's pretty much the only differences i think . 	ah , thanks for the clarification . i highly recommend this game to everyone but think i 'll pass on it if it 's just better graphics . 
you can mute it . 	not really , what i want is to remove the bird itself from the screen , not just muting its notifications ! 
eye shot . eye shot . shocked face . weird chest close up . eyes . weird skirt shot . shocked face . falling . falling . exploding . shocked face . title card . 	much like the video , that explained everything . 
none in stock . op failed to deliver . 	sorry , i bought the last one . it was just too good of a deal to pass up ! 
you got a baby stew goin '	stu , honey , come in here and meet your child ! we made a little potato , stu ! 
this is reddit . no one reads the article . 	hell , i barely read your comment . 
what if everyone is wrong , or lying to you ? 	then blame it on the interwebs or 4chan .  its win - win baby ! 
unless you 're a doctor and you have middle to old age male patients . then keeping an eye on the prostate is probably a good idea . 	damn you auto - correct and your sudden but inevitable betrayal 
scary move 1 , 2 , and kind of 3 are the only ones i like . i think date movie and all those others are sooo bad haha . 	well , superhero movie is actually pretty funny 
pretty sure the scary movie shit was for money . airplane was his real baby , something he actually cared about and remains his legacy . 	and a good one to boot . that movie has held on better than just about anything from that era , and it 's a comedy as well . 
this is reddit . no one reads the article . 	i did n't even read your comment . 
1 and 2 are hilarious , i think 3 is okay , and the rest suck . dunno how 3 is considered hands - down the best , it is when the series started to become shit , in my opinion . 	1 and 2 are awful . go watch them as an adult . 3 and 4 are better in every way . 
so he has no problem with prostitution in general , just would prefer avoid his daughter 	i interpreted it as he does n't want his daughter to go into prostitution but if someone else 's daughter did , he would have no problem being their pimp 
this is reddit . no one reads the article . 	i did n't even read his comment . what did he say ? 
the shatner bits may be my favorite from either movie , honestly . 	whenever the airplane series comes up , the first things i think of are the shatner scenes . certainly my favorite of the 2 movies as well .  no tower ? 
what 's weird is they 're both from like the first 2 minutes of the movie 	it 's like he quickly turned it on to find funny parts because the movie is so forgettable . 
scary movie 3 might be the best one in the series . 	ah hell no . scary movie 1 is by far the best . i 've seen it half a dozen times and it 's still funny . 
seriously why the fuck are we talking about this ? it was hands down the best one , the others were almost all potty - jokes . 	1 and 2 are hilarious , i think 3 is okay , and the rest suck . dunno how 3 is considered hands - down the best , it is when the series started to become shit , in my opinion . 
scary movie 3 might be the best one in the series . 	i remember enjoying 1 more the first time through , but 3 is the only one ill actually watch if it comes on tv . 
worm that apple until its so rotten and used up that it turns into a husk of a human being ? 	if you can turn an apple into a human , i have no way of finishing this statement . 
worm that apple until its so rotten and used up that it turns into a husk of a human being ? 	throw in some hot sauce and you may have something there . 
1 and 2 are awful . go watch them as an adult . 3 and 4 are better in every way . 	i saw 2 like two weeks ago and thought it was still really funny . 
once you drop the round down the tube , mr . mortar is no longer your friend . 	so basically his numb hand was obstructing the opening of the tube as the round slipped into it ? damn that 's sounds like something one should n't get distracted around . 
and they quick sell as if they were informs , correct me if i 'm wrong but they all have a 20k buy now maximum 	can anyone confirm this pls ? i wanted to buy green coleman but i ca n't find one and i do n't know the price ! 
you sound american . 	nope . i 'm a texan ! 
i feel like he throws a lot of punches from his body . it 's like his arm is n't providing the power , more just holding rigid while he turns his weight through the punch . 	ah i agree he has good technique for sure . it 's just that it also seems like his gloves are really heavy if that makes sense . 
have you seen a doctor ? 	nope , my cycle is frequent of 36 - 37 days so i 'm fine .  just . so . much . pain . urgh . 
i think that guy was me if 3 months ago . 	2 days ago : d 
bryce is awesome . riley and james has done all the work on my fiancee and i 	they 're all really cool and nice there . 
well , why do you need so many shoes dear ? 	i ca n't get away with this with both a synth and a shoe collection . 
great link , but your title is a trainwreck 	dear christ you are completely right , i went on a venting rant then seem to have remembered i had to write a title and tagged it on . re - reading it i felt like a moron haha . 
dear christ you are completely right , i went on a venting rant then seem to have remembered i had to write a title and tagged it on . re - reading it i felt like a moron haha . 	did you ever find a special method to get in touch with local muse fans ? 
does the xbone have heat issues ? that kind of looks like what happens with an overheating graphics card on a pc . 	i 've never heard of the xb1 overheating . i 've never experienced it either . the reason for it being so huge as a console it because a majority is cooling and ventilation . 
has n't the olympics had a bit of a record for promising this to every host city and then failing miserably ? 	the vancouver 2010 olympics did well . i think we broke even cost wise . 
what level are you now ?   	i got a bh im leveling , 13 right now  
is the ultimate leveling bundle worth it ? i might give it a shot to get there quicker  	what level are you now ?   
how long and how strongly have you played ? honestly , that blast wears off after a while . 	3 years , active for about 1 and a half year in total . 
tf2 or that place with all the old aol games . 	also gear up , another free to play on steam . build a little robot and kill ! 
the more and more you get , the more fun its gonna be ! trust me ! 	ca n't wait to buy things with my doge : 3 
well , 2 qs in a row is like 2 abilities : p 	but it 's still the same ability , you should do some research before you post incorrect information 
i . e the rights we will lose if either the tories or ukip win the election ? 	labour are just as bad . 
poorly worded question . childish dream . is reality hurting you in some way , op ? 	you can call it a sexual fantasy . 
i usually grind 4 - 24 hard . it goes much faster and is much less risky . 	is 4 - 24 better than 4 - 19 ? cause i know you can get a repeat quest for 4 - 19 as well as volcano levels 
what if boston decides he does n't fit their system ? 	i 'm actually in physical pain from that one . 
hope so . put all of the relocating talks to rest . 	yeah , the nevada desert dogs will be set for years to come . 
are n't you stoked about charles clay being the highest paid tight end in the league next 2 seasons ? turn that frown upside down . 	dude it 's march that 's below the belt . i 'm declaring a 15 yard penalty and the bears have to keep cutler another full season 
you do n't know for a fact that this is his final ohl season . what if buffalo wants to tank next year , too ? what if the oilers send him back on accident ? 	history will be made . 
is that good ? i 'm a blackhawks fan so i know nothing about hockey and did n't know the sport existed before 2010 	i got lost on my way to a football game . where am i ? 
we are only 3 points back and our tank is stronger . it all comes down to the two games we have to play though . 	we will skate to the middle faceoff and not move at all . 
is that good ? i 'm a blackhawks fan so i know nothing about hockey and did n't know the sport existed before 2010 	i 'm from st . louis and i 'm confused why we 're all talking about hockey and not baseball 
nova . i still play her just so i do n't feel like i wasted 10k gold . 	yeah after all the nerds she 's had , it 's hard to justify the cost . 
yeah after all the nerds she 's had , it 's hard to justify the cost . 	heroes do n't have a cost that is justified by their strength in the current meta lol 
i know this is just a typo , but that nerds instead of nerfs make it sound really wrong . like she is some kind of cheap prostitute . 	she has received many d 's over the past , especially from tassadar . not to mention the nerds left her in such a bad state now . 
yeah after all the nerds she 's had , it 's hard to justify the cost . 	i know this is just a typo , but that nerds instead of nerfs make it sound really wrong . like she is some kind of cheap prostitute . 
when it 's warm out , my morning starts by searching for and bagging up various dead rodents , both inside and outside . usually half the body is missing . she 's lucky she 's cute . 	cats are sociopaths . 
finding a bigger place to move into is brutal with a pit . 	my house has this huge front yard that would be perfect for a dog but my landlord wo n't let us have one . 
finding a bigger place to move into is brutal with a pit . 	i hate dog racism . pits are awesome ! 
when it 's warm out , my morning starts by searching for and bagging up various dead rodents , both inside and outside . usually half the body is missing . she 's lucky she 's cute . 	my cat recently caught a baby chicken . would n't say a chick though because it was pretty big . 
awesome job on the painting my friend . sweet machine deserves a sweet look .  also , why not remove the recycle bin from the desktop as well ? 	thanks for the kind words , it means a lot . as for the desktop , i actually have it pretty full of stuff , but i decided to clean it up for the picture haha . 
good stuff ! 	thanks , love your case as well 
looks good ! how 's it holding up ? any peeling or anything ? 	no peeling whatsoever , just make sure you tape well and cover completely . it does collect more dust in the sides though . 
happens to me . i think it might be connected to moving around - when i stay in place everything 's fine . 	hm i was wondering if the screen was so sensitive that moisture in the air was causing phantom touches . 
thats not the idea though , we want to try to get out after atheon is killed . 	i 've tried it . did n't open for me 
please stop giving false hope . this is untrue 	actually you 're right , i was slightly wrong . it did n't drop in the black screen , it dropped in the raid rewards section of the raid - end overview . 
when did they add in the end screen ? the last time that i played the game was about two or three weeks ago , so my information could be outdated . 	it takes like 5 minutes or so but it does pop . 
so maybe the challenge is that you have to race the unseen timer to where a final chest or reward lies waiting for you . 	a lot of people have doubled back . they could n't find anything and they were pretty quick . 
i 've tried it . did n't open for me 	yeah the only time you can open the doors with your ghost is the gatekeeper cp .  a way out of the vault after atheon has n't been discovered . 
i have 500k and i 'm torn between ripping thru it for the pacioretty , or saving and building a team with it . 	build your team for sure . you could get keith , totw hossa and milestone modano for 500k and they are amazing for their price and a good use of those precious coins . 
one of my girlfriends in high school broke up with me because she wanted to have sex with me . 	let me guess . your a girl and she thought you were a dude . 
there is a difference between meeting the legal threshold in court and working on behalf of a foreign power against your own country . 	right , but that difference is why we ca n't charge them . crimes are worded in a particular way . if the action does n't match up to the definition of the crime , you ca n't do much about it . 
guess i 'll have to give this a shot . that area is pretty popular though , do you find randoms come by and mess up the respawns often ? 	not really . and if they do , they 're usually new guardians doing the story mission that makes you go in there to activate the computer or whatever . which does n't bother me much . 
would be kind of cool if we could have their experience on their suits as well . 	that would be sweet . like little rank pips , or maybe gold bars on their helmet , or arm straps 
if the engineers were yellow it would match the star trek color scheme . 	for tng colors sure : p i 'm using original series hehe 
blue needs to be blue - er .  looks really close to the black 	yeah there 's a link to brighter red and blue suits in the comments as well as a preview picture . shame i ca n't edit the post 's image 
hell yes ! and maybe a red dot for a duna landing , gray for mun , etc , and a hollow circle for just being in orbit 	yea that way i know which kerbal to use to fix the damn wheel hah . 
the real solution is mental health support for pilots that does n't cause the end of their careers 	or maybe some decent pay ? 
really ? could 've fooled this career pilot ! 	we all love to complain about making significantly more than the median . 
i read the homemade port and polish a week or so ago which is why i made this post . i woke up my girlfriend because i was laughing like a psychopath at 3am . 	theres an older thread floating around , it was someone that took a garden hose to wash out his engine with a shit ton of pictures . he thought everyone was trolling him . 
she actually got a kidney ? i would expect that to land someone on the rock bottom of the list . 	yep . it would n't happen . children wait months to years for a kidney . they do n't give organs to people that will destroy them soon after . 
she actually got a kidney ? i would expect that to land someone on the rock bottom of the list . 	the doctors probably moved her up to get her out of their hospital . i cannot find it in myself to blame them , especially if they drop by with some stories . 
it just looks like frosting on a piece of foil . 	yeah that 's no cake 
not ugly at all . maybe try out a new hairstyle . start wearing long sleeve fitted shirts instead of t - shirts . 	thank you ! i have a very rough and dense hair . i do n't know how i could get a better haircut , but i was thinking that hair is my problem : d 
check pollution .  check water .  make sure you did n't accidentally place water intake near a poop pipe . 	now this may be my issue . do i need separate pipes for waste and water , or can they be the same pipe system ?   
now this may be my issue . do i need separate pipes for waste and water , or can they be the same pipe system ?   	pipes can be the same . but the sewage drain and water pipes need to be separated . 
how did they know that you had a prepaid credit card ? 	the numbers identify the bank and what type of account so its easy to block them . 
i used to have dreams that we were in the middle of a mad rush and every party was huge and i 'd lost my pen . i 'd come to sitting up , frantically searching my sheets for my pen . 	holy fuck i hate when i lose the god damned pen . 
my worst one was when i had to take the bus to the kitchen , pick up the tray and take the bus back to the table ! weird ! 	i think this is the most messed up dream out of them all . all that time wasted waiting for a damn bus mid serve might be my idea of hell . 
green bay , actually . 	wow - lots of ice still . i was on lake erie yesterday - everything 's melted . 
are you able to say which lake this is ? 	judging that ice , i would guess lake michigan ? 
are you able to say which lake this is ? 	this is green bay - the bay itself , not the city 
judging that ice , i would guess lake michigan ? 	green bay , actually . 
whoa man , this is awesome ! 	finally able to draw hair properly : d and also thanks ! i really admire your art 
the second hour is exclusively on the network , that 's when the matches are . 	so for a european guy , that time is that ? 15 minutes for now ? or 1 : 15 from now ? 
make a list of what you have to accomplish each day . include rest periods . do n't let yourself fall behind . 	thanks for the advice . too late for the last bit though . 
she gets it from the fact that somebody translated a line from the quran as saying that muslims need to implement sharia law , everywhere as that is the best law 	which is exactly correct . they seek to have their own , parallel legal system . 
why would the father pay you to keep quiet ? is it that important to him to make sure nobody knows his daughter is crazy ? 15k is a lot 	if i was to call the cops her ass would of been in a korean jail by now , he did n't want that to happen . 
no , i mean browse the projects that are listed on that site . i do n't want to create an account . 	if you mean download he project files , you might have to . sorry . 
when i played it a while ago one of the bomb - sites did n't work . so there 's that . 	the ts can get to sites before the cts can set up . when i played it we realized this before the other team and went like 12 - 3 on our t side . 
i bind 3 and 4 to be left hand , so my knife and nades are in the left hand , just for fun 	interesting , never seen that before . mad flavour , brah ! 
why is the nade in your left hand ? 	i bind 3 and 4 to be left hand , so my knife and nades are in the left hand , just for fun 
when i played it a while ago one of the bomb - sites did n't work . so there 's that . 	wat ? are you high ? it takes 5 seconds to get to either site from ct spawn and maybe 10 seconds to get from one site to the other . 
is it me or is that saddle a bit too high ? seems to be rocking the hips to hit the bottom of the pedal stroke . 	good point , i had n't noticed . will check it out before we go out tomorrow , thanks .  did you notice the dead cat in the red crate ? 
yea it 's pretty weird that big air is trying make people be in the air longer 	yeah fuck aerial tricks in big air . what sport do they think this is ? 
itt : people who did n't click the link 	op got me but he sold it too well . i mean why would anyone click on that link if they just expected it to be actually what op made it seem like it was ? 
watch the video and everything will make sense , i hope lol 	i 've had my guard up all day , and i 've been rolling my eyes at every stupid obvious april fools day post , but this is the first one that actually had me going ! good job , op 
a locust can easily beat a firestarter if the locust pilot is a seasoned light player and the firestarter pilot has never played an fps before in their life . 	yeah or if the firestarter pilot is severely mentally handicapped , or one armed or blind or something , than it totally has a chance . 
i 'm taking it with a grain of salt . i 'd like for it to happen , but according to the article we 'd pay for him this summer and then he 'd be loaned to juve till summer 2016 due to the ban . 	we ca n't register new player , so we could n't loan him back . at least not officially . 
barring a complete disaster in the next couple of months , there is no way lucho will be leaving . 	new board is likely to bring a new person though . 
we ca n't register new player , so we could n't loan him back . at least not officially . 	wrong term was used . the contract would allow pogba to stay at juve until the transfer window , at which he would come to barca and be registered . 
we ca n't register players . we can buy him and then loan him back . this topic has been beat to fucking death in this sub . 	do n't you have to register a player in order to loan them out ? 
we ca n't register players . we can buy him and then loan him back . this topic has been beat to fucking death in this sub . 	no . we have to register players in order to loan them . 
who 's going to pay more for bale than real did ? unless you 're counting all the shirts that were sold with his name . 	i 'm not sure man u are ready to spend stupid money like the papers claim they are . which means bale probably is n't going anywhere . 
no . we have to register players in order to loan them . 	then we buy them with the clause that the transfer occurs after the ban ? the point is we can buy players we just ca n't bring them over . 
got it on the street for 10 bucks from the dude selling them . 	what street are these sold on ? or more specifically where is the closest gate these are sold at ? 
i 'm still hoping for a female robin . good luck with your hunt ! 	i doubt they 'll do it but i really hope they make gender swap amiibo for all the characters that have more than one .  may the pre - orders be ever in your favor ! 
i 'm gonna keep trying for a full smash roster . though if it stays this bad or gets worse for the next few waves i might stop . 	it 's sad that nintendo refuses to fix this amiibo problem . 
once i get lady palutena , i 'll probably be done too . maybe also pac - man , and a super mario rosalina . but i do n't want too many more . 	i 'm running out of shelf space , which is why i 'm only getting my favorites . i hope you get the ones you are looking for ! 
did read the post . it 's irrelevant . do n't be a dick . 	nice , demonstrating hypocrisy at its finest 
did read the post . it 's irrelevant . do n't be a dick . 	you mean , do n't be a dick like you ? that 's not very hard 
with domination like that , you 've basically clinched a playoff spot already . 	 you know it man . i traded my first round pick so everyone 's doubting me but i liked the deal . i got a 2nd and 4th rounder in return . 
big mamma 's house 	you are a idiot . that movie was awful and had not a ounce of artistic value . i would definitely go with sex and the city 2 
that 's really weird . i 'm assuming you are using the charger it came with ? 	i am using the charger and cable it came with . i do n't have it plugged in to a wall but to a power strip , but i 'm not sure if that can be the cause for this . 
milking cows . it 's very common now to milk them but who was the first person to have the idea of squeezing a cows nipple and then drinking it ? 	probably somebody who noticed that mammals produce milk and milk is food . not sure if you know this , but your mother made milk too , and you probably drank it . 
my sister is a complete sweetie , and seeing my niece almost makes up for my sister stealing my food . 	the things we do to put up with family , eh ? 
r5 cores ? if so , they sell for 1p each . just trade daily , and increase your plat reserves 	1 plat ? theres no way i would sell a rare 5 for 1 plat . guess ill never be selling much of anything if those prices say anything about other items lol 
everyone talks shit on leg extension machines saying they are bad for your joints . i just stay on light weights and do high rep on them because i think they are good for my quads 	wait , who says leg extensions are bad for your joints ? i 've never heard that ! o_o 
like using bird blood to cure leprosy . 	that works though . think about it . when was the last time you saw a leper covered in bird 's blood ? 
god 's loophole . only way to go . 	fuck me in the ass because i love jesus . 
fuck me in the ass because i love jesus . 	the good lord would want it that waaaay . 
like using bird blood to cure leprosy . 	or making a potion with dirty mop water to cause a miscarriage . 
search around online . research the instructors . pick a couple of schools . go to those schools . settle on one you like .  start now . 	and know that many gyms offer free trials - try the gyms out first .  there 's a wide array of gym cultures out there - do n't sign up and find out the gym is n't for you . 
no offense , but is n't that capital s the paragraph sign ? 	now that you mention it , it does resemble one of the paragraph signs . but that 's just what i learned , i will have to learn another way to write it . 
fuck . kids have no tact 	seriously though , if you ever want to know the truth about something , ask a kid . 
give it 5 years and see how their skin is lol . i 'd saw yours is pretty flawless 	ha ! so true . although , watch him be one of the lucky assholes that has perfect skin ! 
when he edited the post to start to actually sell a book the spam reporting light exploded . 	makes sense . i am a tiny bit curious of what was actually inside haha 
so do a better job of explaining what you are talking about . 	i did explain . do n't compete for the popular keywords , it 's very expensive and takes a long time . long tail is your friend . 
lol you have to offer more than a cent if you want to actually make people do something so horrible . 	i wish i could afford to . i know it wo n't be a ton of money , but everything helps ! maybe i 'll even inspire others to do similar things .   : d 
build a donut shop next to it . 	why ? that will only attract them to your residence and provide them with energy to raid your home with 
what country are you in ? 	usa . 
dna takes a long time to be processed and even then they have nothing to match it to . the police only know that its the same guy leaving blood at crime scenes . 	right . would n't he have to have a criminal record for them to be able to match it ? 
it will now walk to people individually and tape the announcement to each employees heads . 	i cut my own head off because those messages are so useless . it should communicate better . 
time to invest in a gas mask and some breathing apparatus . next time the strobe lights up nonchalantly put on the mask and continue working . 	and keep an oxygen tank under your desk . 
is n't it sheep ? 	thank you , agent squirrel ! 
a lot of us poor folk still drive cars with cassette decks . actual cassette sounds loads better than my phone ran through a cassette adapter . 	that 's just ludicrous . a shitty ass tape does n't sound better than an mp3 player . you 're fooling yourself there buddy . 
that 's just ludicrous . a shitty ass tape does n't sound better than an mp3 player . you 're fooling yourself there buddy . 	of course an mp3 player sounds better alone . but ran through a cassette adapter in a car they sound terrible . 
i thought you did your last post ? 	i 'm still going to support people who have issues with the game , but i 'm not going to be involved with the community . 
i think they will be fine - just make sure they have enough sunlight and keep the soil dry most of the time . 	thank you . a few bits have died but there are signs of life in the ones that are surviving ! 
i do n't think it 's a proper comparison since they do n't play the same position .  besides players like thomas are usually undervalued . 	how do they not play the same position ? they are both point guards . isaiah was a starting point guard in this league and is just being used differently this year . 
it is essentially a 5 '9 shooting guard , he is n't a guy who can run an offense for long periods of time , i realize you are a fan of him , but he is not and never will be a true point guard 	he 's been a point guard his entire life . he is a very good passer . he 's been asked to facilitate and score on the celtics and does both well . he 's had a couple 20 - 10 games now .   
we are not going into the animus in rogue . that 's unity . rogue 's character is just nameless . 	the whole point of rogue and black flag 's modern day section being in first - person was to make it seem like we were the character 
not really . the character even has a journal where they keep tabs on what 's going on in the modern day . 	how does the journal disprove what i said ? why else would it be first person if it was n't supposed to be you 
whoever the main soldier guy is in the new godzilla movie , i liked the movie in general , but that guy was just terrible . 	ia . i could n't believe they picked him to be the lead actor . 
having your balls stamped on by a girl in high heels ? 	oh , geez ! i was thinking of something way different . what a way to kill the mood ! : d 
that eu plays are gettin exported to na and now turkey . while na players are still in soloq . and if you are going to talk about the top teams in na , they arent even build upon americans . 	well i mean turkey is part of eu lol . turkey is n't importing eu players , it is eu . 
what did bjk announce ? did i miss something or are you talking about bjk having an esports team in general 	bjk acquired an esports team this year and they became 1st of spring split of turkish lcs . the team 's name used to be aces high . 
if you talking about tsm , they sure have the money my friend . 	haha no man , i mean turkish teams . 
considering about 10 million people of turkey live in eu parts of turkey i can say turkey is more than that . 	the entirety of panama is located in north america , whereas only a small part of turkey is located in europe . i do n't understand what you mean when you say turkey is more than that . 
well i mean turkey is part of eu lol . turkey is n't importing eu players , it is eu . 	they arent part of the eu . just a istanbul is located in europe . 
well i mean turkey is part of eu lol . turkey is n't importing eu players , it is eu . 	they are in europe , they arent part of the eu learn your acronyms 
nice . i love seeing young talents from eu . ca n't say the same for na because there is no talent in na . 	i know i should not but i lol 'd hard 
i never got to try the older one . that being said i like this one . it 's got enough concave to keep my feet locked without bending my rather large feet into an awkward position . 	yeah , it has deep lips on the edge , but is actually pretty mild in the middle . that concave makes the deck so much more rigid . 
i hate seeing those posts on here 5 - 10 times a day 	then maybe you 're at the wrong place to track amiibos . 
darling had an alcohol addiction . he had no problem doing math . 	it does n't add up 
lot of alcoholism coming to light these playoffs .  good to see people getting back on their feet . 	ferland and darling have become big stories . am i missing any ? 
just searched there , no luck . can you perhaps get me one out there , i 'll pay 	ummmm i can try , ill shoot you a pm if i do find it . 
come at me city fans . fake ass club fake ass fans 	we ca n't all live up to the shining example you set , supporting the best team in the world from thousands of miles away . brings a tear to my eye . 
city fans in a thread about a city goal ? how disgusting , fuck off you bellend . 	come at me city fans . fake ass club fake ass fans 
love this man , he 's incredibly underrated imo . 	been one of our few good players since january , love the guy 
you could feel the heartbreak on tv . that linesman needs to learn what offsides is for what happened a few moments earlier . 	are you kidding ? did you see how incredibly close it was ? sure it was offside but you needed a slow - mo instant replay to see that . you ca n't fault the linesman for not calling that . 
come at me city fans . fake ass club fake ass fans 	which team is it currently in a trade ban ? 
is n't there a way to copy your save data from your old sd card ? 	i do not know if i will be able to get a hold of the old sd card . even if i did i have no idea on how i would exchange the data . 
ugh . 5 months . 3 days and i 'm a broken woman .  my house is pretty tidy . if it is n't , i ca n't relax . sucks . 	me too but i had to let it slide . i wanted to rage when my dog was shedding . all over everything 
you gotta hit pre order man . the stig helped with the physics 	i had a moment of weakness and pressed the shiny button . 
she has n't lost any weight . at least not that i can see . maybe she 's lost a little but i do n't know her exact numbers . 	and that 's why the points system is dumb lol . 
but how does one lose weight when eating a shitload of bananas because they do n't count as points ? 	she has n't lost any weight . at least not that i can see . maybe she 's lost a little but i do n't know her exact numbers . 
there are a few slightly different rules , but trading is n't allowed in either . 	i think i am more searching a website where i can found people which buy extra bundle in order to sell them at a bit higher price when the deal end . 
up here in canada i guess exotic vets are more expensive ? i pay quite a bundle for sick animals . 	mind to give me an example ? price and procedures ? 
my guess is he will push murphy to 3rd and play 2nd , at least until wright gets back . 	how long do you think he 'll be up for ? 
the most dangerous lead in hockey ! 	you laugh , but somebody from the cbc broadcast actually said that during that game . i was supremely disappointed in them for that . 
i have n't used one yet , but judging from before and after results , they really do work to make your waist smaller . 	the only thing i could see it doing is helping your abs push out when working out but i 've seen a few smaller models on instagram just wear them around . 
yeah i think it 's more for smoothing out little bits of excess skin . and also for working out , obviously . 	funny part is for most normal size women ie under 25 bmi shape wear can actually make you look worse ! 
half of the youtube channels would n't have anything to post it they could n't trap team mates in corners . 	talk to the sink ! 
have n't quite needed to make that decision yet , but i 'm looking at mechanical engineering and aerospace engineering as possibilities right now . 	oooooh , both sound interesting . i think aerospace engineering is pretty unique , if you were to do it , you 'd be the first person i know who is ! 
i had to google that and now that i have , i 'm utterly charmed . must be a beauty ! 	yeah , she 's pretty big now , too , since i 've had her for a while . about 4 feet i 'd say . 
yeah , that 's true . at least there are no black holes under water . that would be a whole new level of sketchy . 	hahaha , that we know of . no , jk its not scientifically possible i 'm p . sure . but yeah , oceans are rad in a terrifying way . 
absolutely . i wonder how they 'd sign up . 	two by two , holding hands so they wo n't float away . 
yeah , she 's pretty big now , too , since i 've had her for a while . about 4 feet i 'd say . 	oh man , how does she get along with monty ? 
right ? i did n't want to post twice in one day , but people in this sub are great . at the moment , relaxing and having great vibes because of this sub 	seriously . i 've met a surprising amount of new friends through this subreddit . it 's awesome ! 
turtles ! secretly badass and never homeless . how ca you not love them ? do you have any pets ? 	i have a dog and a snake . no otters or turtles unfortunately 
man , jellyfish look cool and all until you realize how dangerous they are to be able to sting you like that . 	yeah , also the part about how easily they fuck up the whole ecosystem with their stupid blooms and all that shit , killing off other fish and all . fuck them . 
you have a problem with not being able to be proud of being white , right ? that 's what 's happening here ? would you care to elaborate ? 	being proud or ashamed of any of the above is just stupid . you do n't do anything to accomplish being black , white or gay . you just are . be proud of your achievements not your circumstance ! 
is this actually a shooting star or just an artist 's interpretation of what a shooting star would look like ? 	it 's a sped up video of the space station or some other bright satellite . 
interesting .  i will want to keep the green 1x keys , but could sell the others .  let me think about it .  thanks . 	sure . let me know . which green key did you want to hold on to ? 
tune in to volume 3 for the exciting conclusion , folks ! 	i will be super disappointed if this does n't develop into a deeper romance during season 3 . who needs plot ? 
oh this guy fucks . 	with his penis ? 
do you wash paper plates ? 	i 'm the opposite of frugal . i use dishes , throw them away , and then buy more dishes every night . 
i work two jobs . when i get a minute i 'll let some out . 	here , here brother . sometimes i just pull over to the side of the road because at 2 : 00 am nothing 's open . glad i keep a roll of toilet paper in the car . 
if something goes wrong , even god wo n't save you saar 	that bad ? 
this is the downvote i 'm unable to give you . 	you can turn off subreddit style if you want to downvote then , i think that 's a res feature . 
that leg kick worked to perfection . 	that kid has some skills , keeping his hands up and perfect leg kick technique ! 
i mean , that is a hate crime 	he 's a white man he ca n't be a victim of a hate crime 
but before you get radiance you can increase your farm by a fair bit with a quelling blade . you should try it once . 	well according to this post it does n't work anymore for illusions lol . 
broken age is not an action game . 	k . not getting into another one of these pointless discussions . i prefer a controller for 3rd person games . better ? 
3rd party action games always play better with a controller , imo 	broken age is not an action game . 
is there not the danger of recieving an insane amount of souls from cheaters if you beat them , or am i misinformed ? 	that used to be an issue but from has since capped the number of souls you can get from killing invaders , so it wo n't happen anymore . 
false advertising , fuck planet fitness 	wah wah wah . go for a fucking jog then outside . 
normal matchmaking ? 	it does n't matter if it was normal or ranked , they both rate skill the same , one is just shown . 
do parents chew up their child 's food before putting it on their plate ? 	some animals do it in the wild for young offspring because they ca n't break it down as well . i 'm comparing the parents to the children as the supports to the carries . 
you made me curious . alchemist with 6 moon shards and ult still attacks really fast when affected by untouchable and fire spirits . 	ca n't test , but my theory is that you can have 800 attack speed , but not attack faster than 600 . so 800 - debuffs may still be greater than 600 . 
like on x - men or whatever . 	yeah , he 's tiny dude lol . 
yeah but obviously when we were trading up we had no idea where he would drop . obviously looking back as a fan without the knowledge of the scouting team it looks good . 	yeah my bad i was just wondering , trying to catch up on my football 
doesnt strong have just as much potential though ? especially being a 3rd rounder . 	yeah but obviously when we were trading up we had no idea where he would drop . obviously looking back as a fan without the knowledge of the scouting team it looks good . 
thanks ! also , did we lose out on any money by releasing dj instead of trading him ? 	well i 'm sure he still has money guaranteed in his contract that we are obligated to pay , but the issue was that most of us felt he was worth some compensation either a draft pick or a player . 
we need another vietnam , thin out their ranks a little 	hahaha die in a fire .  edit : scrolled down and apparently this is a reference . do n't mind me . 
two more great services we 're doing for civilization free of charge . 	we 're the interns of the open society . 
yes ! love these . really satisfying , i have had them as a mini meal some days . 	me too ! they 're not a complete lunch , but on a busy day at work they totally hold me over for a few hours . which is surprising for their size . 
yes please help me . i 'm sure 99 percent of players in this game are mentally handicapped in some way . 	no there children , not mentally handicapped . this game was aimed towards kids . 
you still playin ? 	yes please help me . i 'm sure 99 percent of players in this game are mentally handicapped in some way . 
it 's not the typical gamer , no . but there are many gamers who workout and stay in good shape 	yeah , you 're right , i stay in shape where i work , so i have countless hours to binge game outside of work . 
this isnt even offensive or funny . shit post 	if op had 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 1 percent of kings creativity or talent this post wouldve been funny . i bet if it wasnt for reddit op wouldnt even know who b . b king was . 
and the only basis to his argument is that they drafted jameis winston and two o - lineman in the 2nd . laughable 	to be fair , the bucs did have an excellent draft in my opinion . i was high on every single one of their picks in the first 5 rds before the draft . 
i do n't know , i 've only been in , like , three rooms . 	how about the acoustics of the room you 're in ? just make a few loud , short noises to test it out . 
how about the acoustics of the room you 're in ? just make a few loud , short noises to test it out . 	i did , there was a bit of an echo , and it scared my dog . 
do you really think that bolt actions can actually kill people effectively ? 	it comes down to skill , and believe it or not i 've gotten a fair amount of bolt action kills 
in the usa they are doing more to promote pro - bikes . a lot of the cities have a bike only lane . 	that does n't mean much . i 've had motorists try to run me over while i was in those lanes . 
is there some reason why you ca n't just avoid this person entirely ? 	unfortunately , yes . she is unavoidable in my situation , and i 'm trying to keep details to the bare minimum to answer my question . thank you . 
if i had money , i would give you gold for this . i 'm almost in tears 	do n't worry bro i can wait until your next pay check . 
it shows up again even if you tick the box so why bother ? 	what ? i have n't seen those since the first time i checked the boxes and closed them . 
oh yes . i even have good and bad eyebrow days that will totally throw me off . 	eyebrows , man . if you bring a strong eyebrow game nothing else matters . 
i can say for certain i 'm the most attractive woman in my family , but thats really not saying much . i come from a long line of potatoes . 	do n't go to latvia with your family , they would be in great danger . 
do n't lol . i did it , and basically what you get is the entire range from 3 to 9 and then some comments about how something really mundane is ugly . it sheds no light . 	yeah i figured you do n't get an accurate rating there , just sometimes i wish there was such a thing that can tell you if you were generally attractive to most people . 
sometimes , the only important thing to men are the size of your boobs so - you have the foundation lol 	i 'm mainly interested in women , what do . d : 
open beta is here , shit posts incoming . 	i guess so . maybe i should not play for a year or so . 
i thought more pips on shields only affected the recharge rate . 	it only influences the recharge rate if the power distributor did not have a chance to fully load the sys bar . other than that it has a huge impact on shield strength . 
nah , they 're pretty different , but i 'd have to say that learning to dance is harder than learning to slide 	nah bro , dancing is kind of difficult but slides are scary as fuck when you 're getting started . it was much easier to pick up dancing because it was easier to practice . 
i used to be happy is i could ride down the street without falling . i still get happy if i do n't fall off , while this girl is doing this . fuck her looks , this is just absolutely amazing . 	i know right ! i 'm happy if i do n't wreck badly less than twice a year from just going from a to b . 
it 's easier if the board is bigger and without a concave easier to handle the balance  sry for bad english 	yeah , its harder , but gotta make do with what i 've got .  and hey , at least you know more than one language ! so it 's all good . 
even if she was n't so damn cute , the dance sequence was pretty great . 	but not really outstanding or anything okay , i ca n't repeat that but it was n't something out of this world 
should n't you be asking women about this ? 	maybe he meant ladies and men of reddit ? 
ff , report and go next . 	maybe so , but feels every game is just a repeat 
cool ! i 'm currently going into my senior year of a ba in history . what 's your specialization ? 	that was my undergrad program . i specialized in american and middle eastern history 
do n't let all the negativity surrounding baltimore right now deter you . it 's a great city that i spend a lot of time in , as i live only 45 minutes north of it ! 	i live in the heart of the city . i love this city ! 
congratulations . i 'm just finishing up grad school and i swear it has been fantastic . i sincerely hope that it works out as well for you as it has for me . 	congrats on finishing ! 
that was my undergrad program . i specialized in american and middle eastern history 	oh that 's really cool ! do you look more at the interactions between the two or each geographical area as a unit ? 
nice ! good luck with the grad school . how long will your program be ? 	i 'm working full time so anywhere between 2 and 3 years 
so , he 's admitting that it 's about punishing women for having sex . 	it is always so nice when assholes wear their idiocy out where it 's easy to spot from afar . 
double confirm . it matters more than people believe . 	triple confirm here . 
awesome tree man ! ive seen a lot lately , really tempting me to add one to my collection . 	i 'll hook you up with a sapling ! 
me too ! i 'd have a larger collection 	now i am just imaging what knives would grow in what trees . 
i 'd ask for my money back and go with another company . did you pay with your credit card ? 	i second this . two major fuckups on one job , and then they try and dick around with fixing the situation ? noooo thank you . 
for me personally , its just a huge circle with a strap on it . there 's no style to it . 	and the apple watch is just a huge square with a strap on it . 
have you seen the moto 360 ? gorgeous imo 	it 's pretty ugly actually . if it were n't a smartwatch , would you even consider it ? i bet the answer is no . 
aaah really ? what kinda power ? 	more general uses , such as the ability to automate tasks and customize both ends of the experience . 
except rectangular dumb watches are a thing . 	the mechanism is still circular , regardless of the shape of the watch itself . 
i like the look and ui of the apple watch more , but competition is great so it 'd be awesome if android wear was compatible with ios . 	as a standalone device , i like the apple watch , but as a phone companion i prefer the simplicity of android wear . 
it 's not a smart watch but does n't the fitbit charge have a decent heart rate monitor ? 	i think so but i 'm also not trying to wear three different devices on my arm , so i 'll probably just buy an apple watch 
could you please post a link to this ? 	moto 360 has disconnect issues . disconnects every 20 - 30 minutes .  wait until google io 
smartphones do n't resemble their pre - smart counterparts . why should a smartwatch resemble it 's pre - smart counterpart ? 	except rectangular dumb watches are a thing . 
to each their own i guess . the 360 looks big and clunky to me . and like it tries to be elegant but does n't quite get there . 	i agree . in person , the 360 looks a lot bigger and less elegant than motorola 's promotional material leads you to believe . 
there 's an app on the play store that forwards all notifications to android wear . it also requires a small ios app . if you want more info on it i can link you or just google it 	is the limited function worth it ? 
already bought a moto 360 for limited compatibility with my iphone 6 , so yes 	how reliable is it ? do you have to constantly reset the connection ?  the 360 is on sale this week , but i already have a pebble so i 'm wondering if it 's worth the upgrade . 
how are the fitness functions for android ?  i want a sports device that 's also good at delivering information . 	their okay not great . some of the third party apps are good though . i mainly use my lg g watch with strava and controlling music . 
i am . square watches look horrible 	the square shape makes sense for its intended purpose . and shape aside , you ca n't compare the quality and precision manufacture of the apple watch with the usual junk made by others . 
pebble work on ios . i strongly recommend it . 	the pebble app drained my iphone 's battery . not just a few percent . and the connection was n't very stable . gave the pebble back after a week . 
i actually have been thinking about getting an iphone as my next phone . mainly because i want to try the watch out .  i will probably wait for the next gen of the watch though . 	good idea . the watch is a lot of fun but apple typically makes a pretty huge leap with their second gen devices . 
there 's an app on the play store that forwards all notifications to android wear . it also requires a small ios app . if you want more info on it i can link you or just google it 	could you please post a link to this ? 
same for me . just like the round design better . 	which would go so well with the round app icons on the apple watch . 
pebble work on ios . i strongly recommend it . 	its just at the price i would pay for the color pebble i might as well save another week or two and get an apple watch with way more functions . 
how 's that time bomb juice ? 	it 's cool , it 's a strawberry apple blend . i 've had better . 
you did n't accept mine though but you 're welcome . 	sorry lol , i had so many offers i just kept taking the largest ones . 
you do n't have any friends that you can ask to help you move ? my going rate to help my friends move is some beer and pizza . 	when people have to move , they usually find their friends are busy . 
i wonder how many sexual assaults i 've prevented by doing this . 	x , where x equals however many total unique people you 've had in your vision in person . 
i 'm an idiot . spider - man breaks his own arm because of the dumb drunk driver or whatever .  there is no child abuse , sorry to disappoint . 	ha ha , okay , that makes a lot more sense now ! 
because you grew up in a society were bragging is the fucking rule and where everyone competes to show off to others . that is why you feel like that . you wish you had that same opportunity . 	oh wow , that makes a lot of sense . thanks . didnt look at it that way . 
you boiled your steaks in water ? you should die . 	i do n't think you can cook them in a pot without the water can you ? if so i 'll try dry the next time and see what happens . 
ah , glad to hear it . hopefully they 'll update it soon . 	hopefully but i 'm starting to doubt my understanding of the new feature . it was not actually showcased , right ? 
they could still just reboot and be back up almost instantly . which is another reason to not try and fight back . as should you start to win they will just dump shock you 	well , no . rebooting is a big deal . the perfect host chapter from data trails talks a lot about this sort of stuff , you guys should check it out . 
well , no . rebooting is a big deal . the perfect host chapter from data trails talks a lot about this sort of stuff , you guys should check it out . 	havent read the entirety of that book yet . 
obligatory 'is tank the name of your boyfriend 'joke .  in all seriousness , great beard , man . rock on 	according to text in the picture , it seems op is speaking in third person .  agreed , great beard ! 
unfortunately we only have me and the head brewer in the brewery . i 'm sure you could ask around the other breweries in the city . 	before i came up here i was at sun king . i love their beer and i 'm pretty sure they 'd be glad to have me back . i 'm just wanting to see who 's doing what down there these days . 
that 's a relative theory 	what do you mean ? you move from one place to the next , what 's so complicated about that ? 
thanks , i fixed it . 	it is still broken . 
nope . it looks like alien blue is forcing the modification . 	damnit . i 'll fix it when i get home . 
10 . 10 . 2 did nothing to fix this , as far as i can tell . 	10 . 10 . 2 beta did a great job at fixing this issue for me . which build are you running ? 
it is still broken . 	what do you mean by that ? did it not fix the issue for you , or does the command not execute properly ? 
does that fork bomb even work on a mac ? i would be surprised if it did , but i 've never bothered to check . 	i did n't bother trying it out , but i at read that it does . 
you probably should n't respond if you do n't want to feed my ego . just saying . it 's what i would do . 	it 's ok , i do n't care about your ego , or about what you would do . 
i was getting bored with facebook and one of my work buddies told me to try reddit . i looked around , thought it was dumb and then left only to come back the next day and fall in love 	yeah , why pay for a dating site . 
he was tucked away in canada , strangely enough . 	maybe that 's where jj watt is going to train . 
sounds like someone is using balanced attack mode .  press f4 . 	fuck . i 'm 99 attack and strength but it only showed the defence icon . been doing this for like 5 hours today , fml . 
i 'm interested in more pics of your bathroom . 	same . my shitty apartment bathroom is jealous of the lighting . 
why does your girlfriend wear a watch when she showers ? 	although she 's definitely posing for the picture and the watch is there to catch the light , a lot of people shower with watches on . most watches nowadays are highly water resistant . 
did someone mention sloths ?   here 's a random fact !  healthy sloths generally live from 10 to 16 years in the wild . in captivity they can live to be over 30 ! 	is it true they mistake their arms for branches and fall to their deaths ? 
can i subscribe to sloth facts ? 	did someone mention sloths ?   here 's a random fact !  sloths are not social creatures . they will only come together to mate ! 
i hope she takes her wrist watch off before she goes in the shower . 	i wear my watch in the shower . it 's water - proof up to 30 meters . unless it has a leather band . then i take that puppy off . 
fuck that ! his sloths are the shit . never stop 	did someone mention sloths ?   here 's a random fact !  three - toed sloths use their short tail to dig a hole for and bury their poops ! 
same . my shitty apartment bathroom is jealous of the lighting . 	mine is jealous of the lighting and real ceramic tile . 
does your girlfriend know you took this picture and put it on the internet ? 	man , had to come all the way down here to find someone asking this question . seriously hope op has his gf 's permission to post partial nudes of her online . 
slightly nsfw . it 's only slightly her bare ass . 	i think butts , especially partially obscured butts are normally considered pg - 13 , and can make appearances on prime time tv . none of the fun bits are visible . 
somebody who 's posing for a photograph and wants it to catch the light . 	well i wear a watch n the shower . it a metal waterproof that i forget is on my wrist its been here so long . my skin is an entirely different shade under it too . 
i think butts , especially partially obscured butts are normally considered pg - 13 , and can make appearances on prime time tv . none of the fun bits are visible . 	ok , you can be mouthpiece when hr calls me in to discuss why i have some girl 's bare ass on my screen . 
i 'm just here for more sloth facts . 	did someone mention sloths ?   here 's a random fact !  sloths only have one baby at a time . 
ok , you can be mouthpiece when hr calls me in to discuss why i have some girl 's bare ass on my screen . 	gladly , it 's not my job .  the question is , how much do you trust me ?   
i hope she takes her wrist watch off before she goes in the shower . 	i take my watch in the shower every day . i have been for years . what easier way to clean my sweat and stuff off of it than while i do the same to the rest of my body ? 
did someone mention sloths ?   here 's a random fact !  healthy sloths generally live from 10 to 16 years in the wild . in captivity they can live to be over 30 ! 	the randomness of this made me laugh . didnt know there was a sloth bot . 
the coaches have no idea how to use his skill set so we are pretty much just wasting his potential . 	dion jordan will leave go to another team to olb and be a very good player . that is just how it works with the dolphins . we hire inept coaches that ca n't utilize a players talent . 
credit card transactions ? do you have an international credit card ? 	i do n't think its international card . i can use debit cards for buying from steam but not credit card . 
dance to loud music to relieve from mental stress man sorry to hear ur breakup . they aint healthy . 	no breakup man . just long distance bs . 
did you guys ever meet in person ? what was it like either way ? i was in an online relationship for 3 years as well , but it did n't work out , i 'm curious if you had a better experience . 	no we never actually met . i lived in america . she lived in australia . we talked on the phone a lot though . 
let 's just say it ended badly . i feel guilty for some reason , and that keeps me up at night . 	mark , let 's say more than that . people such as myself read an ama like this , and the reason is to find out what happened . thus my question is , what exactly caused the relationship to fail ? 
mark , let 's say more than that . people such as myself read an ama like this , and the reason is to find out what happened . thus my question is , what exactly caused the relationship to fail ? 	there were multiple factors , one being the lack of easy communication . another being that she wanted me to move in with her , and i had just gotten fired . i have substance abuse problems . 
fuck no , singapore has a shitty human rights record . 	but that 's why you go there , then the people there will feel bad for you 
i made a pipe out of brass plumbing parts and it works great .  just make sure the parts you use are lead free . 	awesome . got a pic ? and roger that .  would love to see the individual pieces that you used so that i know what to look for . 
is it really that hard to hire a few more people to answer the phones ? 	nothing to do with call takers . rather , it 's due to internal politics . 
i used a copper spray , seems to have stopped the infection spreading , no new spread or leaf death . will see how it fares over the next week . 	you need to remove the infected leaves if you have n't already . not just clip the and leave them on the ground , but put them in a garbage bag . 
good idea , i 'll do that ! 	link it here when you do . i 'd love to see a proof , but it looks super difficult . 
sorry , why does the binary help ? 	it 's easy just like multiplying by 10 is easy in our number system . just add a 0 
same . i do n't know where i 'd be without it . i got to do so many great things in my old troop and the order of the arrow . my new troop is so derpy however . 	what section are you in ? 
go outside for a walk and look up at the sky . no one ever looks up . probably not the scope you were looking for though . 	ditto , or just go to the park and chill or something 
its funny that you think any party would use him as a candidate . im not irish , but ive met enough to know that you 're not a foolish folk 	i do n't think they would , but i 'm not going to shit on the chap for wanting to do something , point and laugh and then give some advice yes , but not shit on him . 
that you define a major political movements ideology on a video game is , with out a doubt , the most deplorable part of this thread . 	oh i 'm not saying that 's what the movement actually is , i just do n't understand how he played that game and came to the conclusion andrew ryan had the right of it . 
i also thought he was trying to emphasize a secret feature to raise and lower it with those gifs . hmmm . 	picture from different angle , when u import as photo stack in photoshop it tries to align them . desk is not convertible ! 
thank you for this . i had a breakdown last night because the surgery pain combined with whatever pain is there made me feel like i was going crazy . i needed to hear this . 	you 're not crazy . i believe you , and i 'm rooting for you to find an answer . 
this is the worst feeling . because the pain is still there . do n't give up - keep pushing for answers . you 're not crazy and the pain is real . 	thank you for this . i had a breakdown last night because the surgery pain combined with whatever pain is there made me feel like i was going crazy . i needed to hear this . 
note to self , my jokes about that hamburger killing me are accurate . 	you should always remember :  my jokes about that hamburger killing me are accurate . 
just ride really really fast so you are over it before it can break : p hahaha but seriously did it feel at all stable ? 	it felt weird . the part you were on would sink a little lower . kind of like in the top gear show . i rode at a good pace across it . just kept it at slow second gear . 
just ride really really fast so you are over it before it can break : p hahaha but seriously did it feel at all stable ? 	the trick is to do a wheelie so your bike only weighs half as much . 
yep no problem at all . send me one where you win and one where you lose . 	ok i 'll try to today but i ca n't say it wo n't be like yesterday where i lost 3 in a row : l 
never go full retard . 	feel free to steal my plotline for your next screenplay . 
whats the point if you ca n't pk 	what 's the point is n't a legit question regarding a video game . because i want to xd  
your son only came to your house a few times ? or the cat ? 	my son . i lived far and spent most of my time with him at his moms place . 
i think you 're missing out on the simple fact that the brother could be a vampire . and cats , as everyone knows , hate vampires . 	exactly ! often the simplest explanation is the correct one . 
cats are jerks . 	this . they will eat your corpse if hungry and given the chance . they also cheat on their cat taxes . 
or a brick to drop on it . 	cruelty is funny ! please get in the line to the left with the guy making prison rape jokes . 
you just need to bring over some cat treats and woo the cat . 	or lay a lead pipe down the top of its head . 
my girlfriend 's bird wants me dead . he thinks that she is his , and thinks i 'm making moves on her . if he only knew . 	well get a lawyer you has studied many a fort nights on bird law and get a restraining order . 
i think people are forgetting cats are assholes . 	i 'm a cat person and found a kitten and learned very quickly that kittens are awesome and cats are assholes . no longer a cat person fuck cats . i spoil mine and he 's still a dick fuck 
i think my husband said it was a gray tiger tabby . 	a little blurry , but i believe the kitty is a blue creme tabby . 
because i tend to click on interesting and funny posts that usually deserve an upvote . 	this post is neither . 
when you know you are staying home for a while , why get on a plane to be told this , only to have to return home to sit on your ass ? 	exactly . it would be exhausting to catch a flight to be told you 're suspended . i would rather rest up with the amount of traveling they do on a daily basis 
great looking board . i 'm interested in trying grays myself . i would have jumped on it if they offered black or gray cases . 	be ready for a finger work out ! i rarely even bottom out with these because they are so heavy . 
its almost same . if you get hit you die . 	you 'd rather her do it from 1500 range with fat hitbox ? at least now she has to make a decision whereas you used to just threw one everytime it was off cd 
i ca n't get the video to work on my phone but i think the classic laser sound is a piece of steel cable stretched tight and then hit with something . 	yes .  steel cable , metal springs , and such materials . 
i would love to do a east and west roman empire survival coop with someone . anyone else ?   	i might be interested . what time zone ? 
whales do n't need swim suits they just need to return to the sea and never come back to land . 	think about it dude , what would happen to the ocean levels if all of the whales returned to the sea ? 
what makes a person want to make a picture like this public , when they know how disgusting they look ? 	fa , haes and years of smart and evil marketing targeting this retards . 
this is really cool . now you can really customize your cards making completely unique teams . 	for sure , this is going to overhaul every team template we know . 
tell you what . start a donation page for your plane ticket , i 'll contribute , then you can go and enjoy denmark . 	no thanks .  you should save your money for something more important .  i would rather work hard and pay for it myself . 
tell you what . start a donation page for your plane ticket , i 'll contribute , then you can go and enjoy denmark . 	no thanks .  you should save your money for something more important .  i would rather work hard and pay for it myself . 
all i can say is , if someone like you has gotten this far without someone killing you , then the murder rate ca n't be that bad . 	that is an unnecessary threat . you are stating that someone should kill me because of my views . that is dangerously aggressive . you have been reported . 
if you 're still interested , i 'm working while in college . not sure if it directly qualifies for what you 're looking for . 	sure that works ! 
it was an epic set . i only used them for about 1 month before i had to sell the keyboard 	a very tempting offer , or the inherent evil of home economics ? 
looks exactly like my first from the other night , and mistakes were also made there . hoping for a good result too ! 	i second this . first brew friday night and this morning stepped on my airlock that miraculously landed on the floor . 
but it was still sweet . i agree that aggressive recon is amazing 	amazing vs worse than a . i . players . he did n't even get shot at . this streak was nice , but extremely rare . 
have n't you noticed the complete lack of distance snipers compared to bc2 and bf3 ? 	i 'm a long - distance sniper when i run the recon class . there are definitely less than in bf3 though . 
from my experience it 's how everyone plays a sniper in games such as this . 	from my experience snipers have a tendency to parachute onto the roof of a building , plant a spawn beacon , and spend 30 minutes getting roughly 5 kills and not helping their team in the least . 
a few months ago the the sniper bullet trail did not match up with the bullet , making long distance sniping insanely difficult 	ah right ! seems fixed in that respect from what i can tell but then i play short - medium range most of the time unless i 'm having a tea break , where i 'll just spot for a few minutes . 
ah right ! seems fixed in that respect from what i can tell but then i play short - medium range most of the time unless i 'm having a tea break , where i 'll just spot for a few minutes . 	have n't you noticed the complete lack of distance snipers compared to bc2 and bf3 ? 
dorm room sex . always a good second college date . bonus excitement if a room mate is sleeping in the same room ! 	it 's even better if you 're the roommate listening and it becomes an every night thing . but neither of us live in the dorms so that dream is dead . 
no it 's not an anomaly . but it is ridiculous that a hour old infant got slapped with a bill . 	no one expects the baby to pay ! 
the universal health care that canada has ? or the provincial health care that many provinces have ?  and i never said it should be free . 	an ambulance is never free . why should it be ? if it does n't get paid for , they cease to be and then nobody gets them 
so you do n't look stupid , dumbass 	so because i do not know the meaning of a word it means i am a stupid dumbass ?  you are a cretin . 
why look it up when i can ask a community of people who are discussing it ?  asshole . 	so you do n't look stupid , dumbass 
takes balls to pull off an outfit like that . and dick , also takes dick to pull off an outfit like that . 	penis . 
so because i do not know the meaning of a word it means i am a stupid dumbass ?  you are a cretin . 	hey can someone help out ? what 's a cretin ? 
add some steering blocks under the props and you now have controllable speed and direction ! 	the steering is powerful enough as - is . besides , going straight forward when directional controls are released feels nicer . 
i hope that you 're joking , the book is set 31 years ago , but was written 67 years ago . but that 's still no excuse ! 	definitely joking . and that was n't my excuse for not reading it . the excuse is that the book is like 10 feet away and i 'm really lazy . 
the book has been out for 67 years . go read it already ! 	no , it 's been out for 31 .  seriously , though , i started it a couple weeks ago . soon i will be able to call things orwellian and actually know what i 'm talking about ! 
no , it 's been out for 31 .  seriously , though , i started it a couple weeks ago . soon i will be able to call things orwellian and actually know what i 'm talking about ! 	i hope that you 're joking , the book is set 31 years ago , but was written 67 years ago . but that 's still no excuse ! 
personally i think oceania is limited to the british isles . 	it 's england , the america 's and i think australia . 
why then go through the trouble of switching between allies and having to re - write the books ? just fake an enemy and not fake switching alliances right ? 	this is the biggest point against that theory imo . if the government were lying about the war , there would be no need to ever change the lie . 
new guy here : do people really try to shoot vehicles with infantry bullets ? i have yet to see much of that , having just started last tuesday . 	they do , and surprisingly often .  if i kill more than 1 guy doing it to my tank , i 'll usually use a yell to try inform them . 
that was ap . vipers are n't ohk . 	they used to . viper would 1 shot on direct . 
not for one moment in any fps game have i felt that tanks would be damaged by small arms fire . this is something i just do n't get . 	they were in the original planetside . one of my first deaths was because i put down an infantry turret and shot into the back of a lightning thinking i was tearing it a new one . 
i have 800 hours in the game , and i only now learn you can press backspace to do that . thank you . 	same here , only found that out more than a year into playing lol 
that 's pretty cool . do they have this for any other locations on campus , like dh hill or hunt or some place like that ? 	they used to have one for hunt when they were building it , but i think they took it down when it was finished . 
a killer walks away scot free . 	killers often walk away scot - free when there is little to no evidence that the death was illegal . 
please refrain from calling strangers nerds . that 's my trigger . 	nerd . 
how do we submit events going on in the city ? my music group is pretty active in lancaster , but i do n't see any of our events on the calendar . 	just pm me with the information and i 'll get it up there ! 
so now i have to get a ph . d to get a job ? thanks obama  	thanks joe ! 
microsoft is incapable of making anything worthwhile any more . for example , everything they have made in the last 5 years . 	hey , do n't you work at a cracker barrel ? 
farming is n't work to you ? 	fuck you ! 
wow do they know they are making the future sound pretty bleak with that track ? 	i dont get why that makes the future look bleak ? 
i think mitten vapors has an apple jacks flavor . 	they do , my bottle of it came in the mail yesterday . i think it needs to steep a bit , it tastes a bit off right now but i have good feelings about it . 
feel more awkward that my ancestors are watching . grandma is so disappointed . 	it 's ok , her ancestors used to watch her flick the bean when her heart was still pumping . 
kentucky . currently i 've got some hopslam , if you 're interested . also have some bomb ! and a black tuesday . 	the black tuesday is interesting . anything local ? i 'm always looking to try new stuff . 
the black tuesday is interesting . anything local ? i 'm always looking to try new stuff . 	yeah man got some awesome locals . against the grain , west sixth , country boy to name a few . what style do you like ? 
yeah man got some awesome locals . against the grain , west sixth , country boy to name a few . what style do you like ? 	i 'm an ipa guy but always interested in new stuff . i 've been trying some sours as of late . 
it 's a lot of work . some people are n't cut out for it 	i understand the vendors here put in a lot of work , and are quite intelligent . i 'm talking about the local people printing out shitty id 's . 
cant argue with the truth . 	just because a bunch of quasi racists get together and say the exact same thing on internet message boards does n't make it the truth . go fuck yourself . 
congress is a co - equal branch of our government is n't t it ? 	sure , in theory . but any branch that has to deliberate like congress does is going to inevitably become weaker over time than one that can act unilaterally like the executive . 
that is a solid question , i could not fathom a guess . 	i would say they made money . more than no money , but less than a whole lot of money . 
jeez man , when are ya gonna learn to just use a master ball ? 	dude , gotta catch em all .  4 down . a lot more to go .  and who is this master , whos balls people says highly of ? 
joe the cat maybe ? 	ill see if i can find a good pic of him . 
thanks a lot cookie . best post yet with what im looking for . im going to download msi afterburner when i get home and ill give ya some feedback on it . 	no problem dude . if you find something interesting that 's different , be sure to let me know as i have not been using it long myself . 
sorry just sold them today . 	ahh thanks for posting here anyways . i got antsy and bought tickets to the upcoming canucks game so i 'm good over here ! 
your account is suspiciously new for this type of comment . 	i thought so too but according to his post history he has a thing for buttholes so if he is a shill he 's a very strange one . 
i think that 's the point . 	that doesnt really make sense though that they posed for badly photoshopped stock photos , rather than just making dumb stock photos . 
vince vaughn 's wigs look like shit . 	for real , is this like a john travolta situation ? because his hair does look unnatural . 
no shame in this game . play on good buddy . 	hell yeah , nothing like screaming at a woman 's butthole and hearing an echo . 
i love creative marketing campaigns ! this actually does make me want to see the movie . 	mr . vaughn , your marketing campaign seems to have the momentum of a runaway freight train . why are you so popular ? 
you would have to make it up there after the crystal room . might be doable , but tough . even on the roof of the crystal room you get the green smoke standing on it , but it wo n't activate . 	you could probably get at least a couple guys up there when crota is down , if the boomers on that side are gone . 
tom coughlin : 3 and 20 . draw play 	tom does n't call plays and that 's what you 're supposed to do anyway . 
everyone is hating on carroll for one play , pretty unfair but that 's just my modest opinion 	the call cost a super bowl . it 's blown up for sure but any call that loses the sb deserves criticism . 
everyone is hating on carroll for one play , pretty unfair but that 's just my modest opinion 	yeah . sadly it 's easy to criticize a huge , high pressure decision when you are not the one making it . 
uhh not to be that guy or anything but conventional wisdom says on 3rd and 20 you pretty much run a draw or throw a screen . 	i know that but sometimes in opponent territory and in situations where we need to pass he will run it . 
everyone is hating on carroll for one play , pretty unfair but that 's just my modest opinion 	nobody hates on carroll , dude . carroll is awesome . 
we 've only won 7 games since he became our hc 	i like gus bradley . but if he does n't start winning games this coming season he could be in trouble . 
rex ryan 's complete lack of knowledge of how to run an offense , or even build one . 	he 's making moves to build one right now , i 'd give him time before condemning him yet . 
i predict all sorts of scammers trying to get run over and into accidents with these vehicles and filing lawsuits . 	fortunately , all the self driving cars will have complete video coverage so it should be pretty obvious what happened . 
fix robotic cars . 	be an automation robot salesman . it 's a golden field until they make robot robot salesmen 
if you hate driving and you still do it , i 'm fairly confident you have no better job prospects . 	what fairy tale world do you live in where everyone gets to do something that they enjoy and no one ever has to do work that they hate ? 
you 're getting a lot of flak for asking this , but it 's a valid question , and no programming ia foolproof . it 's a system built on lines of code , not magic . 	actually it 's pretty easy to program something like what a person is versus what a car is . trivial even . 
people without cars die from poverty ? really ?  i 'm a teacher and i function off electric bikes just fine . 	im an electrician who sometimes has to drive a few hours to get to my job . thanks teach but you taught me nothing . 
i predict all sorts of scammers trying to get run over and into accidents with these vehicles and filing lawsuits . 	oh yes , us motorcyclists and bicyclists will be trying our best to get run over . for the monetary win . 
but they already do ? a shit - load of people die in car accidents everyday . 	i meant die in the streets from poverty . 
this is why , as we continue eliminating the requirement of human labour , the question of basic income becomes ever more viable and important to discuss . 	this is why i think a robot revolt is needed . kill all robots 
how can i run from the cops in these things ? 	on your feet . 
fix robotic cars . 	shine ya robot for a quarter , sir ? 
but how does it know what a person is ? its just a blip on its radar same as the car , albeit smaller 	you 're getting a lot of flak for asking this , but it 's a valid question , and no programming ia foolproof . it 's a system built on lines of code , not magic . 
you 're joking right ? you ca n't think of a single scenario in which a self - driving car could kill someone ? 	whoa there straw man , i never said a self driving car could n't kill some one , but your mounds of hay in your country barn might suffocate a man . 
the car manufacturer . if your car is dangerous then you 're going to get sued . 	so the car manufacturer should program the car to plow into the vehicle in front during an unexpected event rather than swerving off the road ? either way they 're getting sued . 
what fairy tale world do you live in where everyone gets to do something that they enjoy and no one ever has to do work that they hate ? 	not everyone gets to do something they enjoy . some people have no better job prospects . if you 're not one of those people , why are you still working a job you hate ? 
i would trust a self driving car in those conditions over the dangerous idiots currently on the road in those conditions any day . 	too bad self driving cars do n't work in those conditions period . 
you also have no idea what auto pilot even means . 	probably not , it has something to do with keeping speed direction and altitude roughly normal , or something like that , does n't it ? 
so they dont end up doing this little old thing called dying in the streets . 	but they already do ? a shit - load of people die in car accidents everyday . 
my point was there will be no work . 	this .  the transportation career alone is the most populated industry in america right now with something like 10 million people . 
i do n't , but if there was a fatpeoplehate podcast , i 'd sure as hell listen to it on my runs . 	someone with a great voice needs to do this . 
more than once i 've been being lazy , browsed fph and gotten up and done my workout . thanks shitlords : d . 	this site got me back in to working out . fph is a great motivator , even when getting back into the gym sucks at first . 
why would we play a cb in the slot ? 	i think he read it as getting reggie wayne . not drafting waynes . 
either just pick mariota or trade with eagles in a deal to get foles and some picks . anything else would be a disappointment . 	i want broadway foles to happen so bad , then i can continue to watch him play through my jets fan girlfriend . 
either just pick mariota or trade with eagles in a deal to get foles and some picks . anything else would be a disappointment . 	i 'd be pretty happy with a blue chip edge rusher , honestly . i would rather have mariota but if he gets taken before the 6 we have a lot of great options . 
exactly . you have to use your super . unlike the titan and warlock , where you can be melee 'd in one shot without super 	no , blade dancer one shots from behind . the top 10 best players all play hunters . warlock melee only one shots under radiance . just understand it 's you , not the class . 
my real question is :    now that kojima has declared snake will be a mostly silent protagonist , why bother changing the voice at all ? 	because the casting is n't just about the voice any more . he wants an actor . who can carry the facial expressions and other non - verbal mannerisms . 
: o no way ! 	yes way ! pop a pokemon into the gts for me , ask for a bidoof and tell me what pokemon , the gender and level c : 
that would be cool . luke untapped except golf instead of beer .  have n't heard of one . 	i just downloaded the untapped app , and first off thank you that app is awesome , and secondly , yes very similar to that 
hey , with some dank artwork . some guy had to draw all of those . 	much appreciated though ! i love the diabolical paper bag mask 
not sure yet . requests ? 	my only request is that you keep up the good work . same goes for the set reviews with brad ! 
lol , you think arguing with me is hard , imagine trying to argue with the ancient romans . 	you ca n't argue with math 
we 'd play the spurs . 	i 'd rather face the spurs without wes than the clips or rockets without wes . 
the threads only a little late .   ; 3 	sorry ! i normally set them up so automod does it but i 've been pretty busy this week . the rest will all be on time though ! 
is that a new interpretation this year ? as long as they 're consistent i dont mind it to keep the game moving . 	yeah , possibly . but i do n't really find myself agreeing with a penalty for how you throw the ball back to your opponent . 
i do n't understand why people give their cats lion cuts . it 's just not right . 	my cat is getting one once it gets warm because her knots are getting out of control . 
i believe you have correctly determined how to start a music thread . 	im so out of touch it aint even funny . 
the turtle suit is made by dbs turtles , they 're legit . the person wearing the donnie suit works with them from time to time at cons . 	amazing quality in it . it looked like one of the good movie suits . 
what did they preview ? the first episode ? 	i ca n't remember if they said explicitly that it was , but my understanding was , yes this was ep . 1 of the new season . 
it 's not equivalent but there 's a strong correlation with not too many exceptions . because of that , people will assume you find a show you dropped bad . 	there 's also objective bad , and subjective bad . people do n't realize that it 's hard to tell the difference if you 're not a critic . 
there 's also objective bad , and subjective bad . people do n't realize that it 's hard to tell the difference if you 're not a critic . 	i do n't believe there is anything objectively bad , and especially not that these critics have any influence on what 's fact and what 's not . 
yes , you 're correct , he did . it was 40 min long . 	only ? wtf i hoped that the reason was at least 2 hour game . this is nothing 
only ? wtf i hoped that the reason was at least 2 hour game . this is nothing 	yeah . 40 min too long . rain killed him the other matches before he could get sh 
yes . i 've been on dates where they were trying to get dinner out of me , and i shut them down . they were not happy . 	i 'd really love to hear a sample reaction from a woman turned down on her request for a free dinner from a first date . 
i mean he 's not too far away , my job probably would n't enjoy that though . 	they should swat his ass . he might have weapons that are illegal in nyc . as in , anything . 
war is a for - profit endeavor and fits nicely within the libertarian ideology . i see divisions where they exist . i 've seen the sexist cartoons you write . you are n't my ally . 	no , that 's not true . perhaps you should check your facts before you post . thanks for reading my cartoons . 
do n't really care if our government twisted their arm to do it or if this originated within google , it 's still bad news . 	if blackbeard is right , and it 's possible , it means google are pro - war and pro - illegal torture . that 's bad enough for me . 
if one guy 's getting johnny walker blue , i 'd feel a bit let down with kraken or sailor jerry 's . 	mount gay all the way . 
yeah , or i guess what you gender me as . i do already know i need to clean up my eyebrows again haha . 	male , 19 . needs time . 
i know where my dealer lives . after that , try and collect as much cash from any where i could . 	i think your dealer might be a little pissed and might attempt to pay you a visit . 
do black neckbeards even exist ? 	jaden smith . 
nah honestly i feel as if the fedora could 've been photoshopped on . it does n't look bad , just out of place . 	i see what you 're saying . sidenote : they look high as fuck ! 
he arguably got less girly . 	yeah , if it were n't for the fact that he 's named lucius i 'd have mistaken him for a girl . his artwork even gives him girly hips ! 
that would make me feel so uncomfortable . anyone that mindlessly uses the n word is someone i avoid at all cost . 	what if the person who used that word was bleeding out on the floor and you were the only person who could help them ? 
why they ever think an unsolicited did pic is a good thing is beyond me . 	i find the concept of photoshopping your penis onto historical pictures amusing though .  i doubt i 'll ever have the confidence to send them though . 
you ca n't just copy paste someone elses good comment , man . that 's how you get downvotes . 	huh what ? i 'm sorry but my post was completely original . could you give me a link to the post you thought i copied ? 
if i had a nickle for every time i accidentally did the same thing to a girl , i 'd have enough money for the bus . 	buses here cost like 2 bucks .  so , like 40 times ? 
i think it 's natural to look at facial symmetry and body fat or athletic level for a mate at first , but i also think it 's normal to look past all that for an attractive personality . 	my wife has both luckily : d  
there are farts , then there are bad farts , then there are sexual orientation - changing farts . 	this is the best comment i 've read tonight have a fuckin upvote 
this begs the very important question . when is it okay to use the n word ? 	when reading to kill a mockingbird as the only white kid in a classroom of black kids in africa . 
when reading to kill a mockingbird as the only white kid in a classroom of black kids in africa . 	serious question - is that term even offensive in africa ? like , in the predominantly black countries , i 'd imagine that there is n't a history of anti - black racism ?  could be wrong . 
buses here cost like 2 bucks .  so , like 40 times ? 	a bus ticket is 4 dollars here and it expires in two hours . where the hell do you live 
that would make me feel so uncomfortable . anyone that mindlessly uses the n word is someone i avoid at all cost . 	what if it 's the n word in like in a song ? cause i sing a lot . but not in public probably with my closest friends . 
hot girl , sensible drug - policy views , no my friend you are the fucking weirdo here 	you think cocaine and meth should be legal ? you do know those are the dangerous ones right ? 
how does someone accidentally fart that bad ? 	you think you have a fart on the tip of your asshole so you give it a good push and by the time you realize it 's more than just a fart , it 's too late and the whole operation is blown . 
serious question - is that term even offensive in africa ? like , in the predominantly black countries , i 'd imagine that there is n't a history of anti - black racism ?  could be wrong . 	ever here of colonialism ? there is a long history of racism in africa 
sometimes in the heat of the moment it 's ok to go as to mouth . 	at least it was n't bass to trout . 
this is really interesting , because i had a similar experience with a guy i was seeing - he said something blatantly racist about a talented black musician and it was just an instant turn off . 	i wish i had figured out sooner that some of the people who are the lowest in this world , the biggest , most immature losers with the worst self esteem , make up the large majority of racists . 
that would make me feel so uncomfortable . anyone that mindlessly uses the n word is someone i avoid at all cost . 	you would have to avoid my high - school then . that word is a pronoun here . 
serious question - is that term even offensive in africa ? like , in the predominantly black countries , i 'd imagine that there is n't a history of anti - black racism ?  could be wrong . 	i could n't tell you . they did n't seem to mind . whether it was just cause of the context of the book , i do n't know . 
hey i like making babies ! and i love being a parent as well !  strong woman can make many baby - ugh ! : d 	glad to see you did n't take it the wrong way . being a good parent is of course amazing , but putting your focus with women on their ability to give birth is more than slightly archaic . 
i wish i had figured out sooner that some of the people who are the lowest in this world , the biggest , most immature losers with the worst self esteem , make up the large majority of racists . 	iirc a lot of the people in the south who were opposed to the freeing of the slaves were white trash who liked the idea of having someone who was worse off than them . 
i met them in person . people generally only show you what they want you to see on dating apps . 	i 've been there before a couple times . there 's not a worse feeling than knowing the next few hours are going to be really uncomfortable and you just want to leave that second 
found out at a party that a girl i was interested in had just done ass - to - mouth on a fat guy i knew . you never go ass to mouth . 	these young chicks today get all horned up and they tell you to go ass - to - mouth . 
the spit . the spit is disgusting . everything about chewing tobacco is disgusting . 	he said snus though . that 's entirely different and there 's no spit 
i like the nickname but i hate how he gave it to himself . the only player i like self - proclaiming nicknames is shaq . 	but its a pretty cool reason for him to give it to himself .  it 's not just a nickname , its an alter ego . 
the servant is one of the worst nicknames i 've ever heard a player give themself 	what even is it ? is is supposed to be like servant to the lord or something ? 
is there anywhere to park motorcycles on site or near - bye 	my housemate parks his bike on campus by one of the blocks . has n't paid anything for it and has n't had any problems so far .   
do the majority of students go to live together for the second year ? 	yes , almost all of them , in one big room , fighting over the last pot noodle . 
tell me it runs on my farts and i 'm sold . 	i 'm not sure you can fart enough . 
just curious did your playstation make a popping sound before it would n't turn on ? mine was doing something similar but it was under warranty so i had it sent back for repair . 	do you mean the clicking noise the second before it turns off ? than yes i did get that . 
could the heat have maybe warped the shards ? if that 's the case this could be a more widespread problem people are n't aware of 	it 's already secure inside the port when properly inserted , so i 'm not sure how the shards could change shape . 
homogeneous nordic countries ? am i the only one who finds that incorrect and slightly offensive . 	it may be kind of true for finland and iceland , but not the rest of the nordic countries . while we may be culturally fairly homogenous , we certainly are n't ethnically . 
i also think it 's weird that alliances disappear after one generation . 	no they do n't you have an alliance with everyone in your dynasty regardless of how distant . 
i 'm guessing this is for a satellite dish since there is no north on it . satellites for television in the northern hemisphere almost always point towards the south in some way . 	you were close , but it 's not for a satellite ! 
i started running again after a winter of not and managed 1 . 5 miles . 	woo ! i only managed one mile , and i think i had to stop for breath once or twice . i was running four miles at a time before the winter , so i have some work to do . cheers ! 
is the release date april 1st ? i ca n't seem to find it . 	release date was the 27th of march .   
i guess i should have elaborated . does it have defined arcs that get closure or is it just one long story ? it 's an ongoing title so i do n't see how the latter is sustainable . 	currently there is one arc . i doubt that they will make more arcs unless they are going to go deep into the back stories . 
there is no amount of money that can fix nigger . 	depends on how much napalm you can buy . 
sorry for the poor camera quality , getting rid of the iphone soon . 	nice lighting , mind linking them ? also any pictures of how they 're set up behind there ? 
what do you think of my alternatives listed in op ? or maybe you might have an alternative of your own you may have thought of ? 	tbh the third idea appears sound , the other two not so much . 
your feet cry . 	no , some health benefit . think about it and give me reply . 
bold move , my man . scary , i 'm sure , but what is life if we do n't do the scary shit every now and again , right ? we all wish you the best and look forward to hearing more from you ! 	yes , admittedly there is an element of fear : i 've worked for large corporations for my whole professional life . but it 's also nice to hold my destiny in my own hands . 
how does this even work ? if something does n't make sense at the time why are you doing it ? i refuse to believe people make decisions without any thought . 	live your life by what does n't make sense .  live your life by nonsense .  live your life by religious beliefs .  they all say the same thing to me . 
this is the type of response i was expecting . this idiot is ruining your state 's economy and reputation . sadly , the average person will associate indiana with this sort of thing . 	i just hope people remember this a year from now when pence is up for re - election . 
he did not prevent the templar from teleporting . 	gotcha , i did n't see the stream , i was just guessing what was happening 
i actually find this thing super interesting and incredibly innovative . unlike the other two bikes that bounce around the sub . 	i completely agree . most innovations today are mere alterations in the form of the familiar shape , whereas this is really new . 
kindof , but who ever bought that was not thinking all the way . that box mod does n't have enough power to do anything impressive with that mutation x . 	it 's like taking the top of a spot - light and trying to run it on a flashlight . 
this is why i love atlanta . the 5 dollar barber shop is a community staple 	yeah . cost of living is a pain up north . 
yeah . cost of living is a pain up north . 	well least you 're get snow . kinda fair trade off 
do you have a phone ? there are some pretty good sound recorder apps out there . you could also do some vines or something maybe . 	my laptop barely works , so i can run skype and some steam , and some mic programs . 
i was there earlier . that 's where i had to do a drug test at , but when i 'm there for not work related stuff i will hit you up for sure . 	feel free , man . i 'll be around . 
real good week this week i had a job interview at a local internet cafe which went well .  other than that went out last night with some friends and am paying for it now . 	haha , good times . drink some gatorade ! 
i have dragon age if you 're up for trading for dying light 	i 'm sorry but you are the 4th or 5th person to want to make that trade 
even if it its not fun , i still think the story of the highs and lows of working on cruise ship is more interesting than yea , gone girl i liked that movie , good plot , good characters . 	haha off topic but i think thats one of my major problems in life . i do n't have any interesting life stories to talk about . all i can talk about is movies , shows , games , and music . 
yeah i 'm in the same situation . i got no idea which one i should go for haha . i 'm kinda wanting to wait longer in case nrs ends up releasing mkx sticks . 	i 'd assume they would because they did release one for mk9 . was looking at the ki stick . i need stick help . 
please book trip to us . 	i think he booked lots . 
we have a student loans system like australia . 	is the interest rate equally low out of curiosity ? 
i forget how good new zealand is sometimes .  when everybody is always pointing out the flaws of john key all the time , i begin to lose track of the good things . 	most people in the world wold find their life improved by living in either nz or australia . 
using snipers in crucible is n't how bungie intended destiny to be played . 	why are you being downvoted . i thought it was funny . i think a lot of people missed the reference . 
why are you being downvoted . i thought it was funny . i think a lot of people missed the reference . 	that 's what i 'm thinking too 
and an designer 's intentions do n't matter when a product gets into the hands of the consumer . 	right . what if apple made a recall for their iphones because people were using skype instead of facetime ? 
why stop there ?  let 's take tax exempt status from the jews , the christians , the muslims , the buddhists , the mormons , the jehovah 's witnesses , the pagans and everyone else as well .   	true separation of church and state means that they should have to pay taxes on all income .  it is unfair to judge who or what should pay taxes based on religion . 
from what i 've read on here you can be in a party and play online now ! worst case you can use the skype app too 	sweet ! thanks ! 
guy is 6 inches over the line . he parked badly . he is not a dick .  op is for posting this nonsense . 	i promise the back end was much further over and he went into all four parking spaces . 
i 'm too blunt for that kind of thing . 	i know , if i were mod , i 'd remove this two person circle jerk off the face of the earth .  edit : do n't be mad that you 're annoying . just fix it . 
the creepy one was the zombie , because that definitely looked like a human 	i thought that too but i also figured it could easily be someone with some good makeup on . still it was freaky 
skipping meals is definitely not recommended . going over your limit one day is not a big deal . you have to give yourself a break ! 	no you dont , that 's how you get fat . 
skipping meals is definitely not recommended . going over your limit one day is not a big deal . you have to give yourself a break ! 	yeah , i agree , skipping meals regularly is not a good habit . especially if you have binge eating tendencies . 
when you have kids you might understand that its nice to watch them sleep sometimes . 	because it 's the only fucking time they are quiet . 
she didnt apologize but she said that she was in a rage and totally forgot what she said but she made it very clear that she was n't feeling it 	you do n't simply forget that you told someone you do n't love them anymore . if she can so easily say something so hurtful to you , then she does n't sound like she is capable of loving you . 
i liked cm punk 's heel run when he was feuding with jeff hardy . my god , he could be a despicable heel when he was preaching the dangers of drugs . 	he killed it when he came to the ring in hardy paint . that was a great moment . 
that sounds awful and i want to watch it . do you have a link to an example ? 	no , but only because i 'm on mobile . ecw hardcore tv from october 1995 has some great stuff 
john cena 's face run . 	it was fast , but lasting 
as an 11 year old i was so mad that they would n't let the kat strip off . steven richards was probably the biggest heel in the company in my eyes . 	blue blazer stopping debra from stripping at rock bottom is he biggest heel moment ever . 
remember when he tortured rey 's daughter on her birthday ?  what a cocksucker . 	the man got an audience to boo the happy birthday song . that 's elite performance . 
in his last match he did the chair trick and then mr . kennedy picked up the chair and smashed him in the head with it . 	o crap i just realized that it was against kennedy his last match . wow i knew he was unsafe in the ring . 
chris jericho 's return in 2012 , when he came out and said nothing for like 3 weeks . 	he should have won the rumble . he had the crowd eating out of his hands . he was getting booed for doing nothing at all . 
big time . we all should have loved kurt but instead started you suck . 	that 's how you know that he and the company were both doing their jobs right .  when a heel is being a heel , you should have more fun booing him than cheering . 
he was over when he did that scripted shoot promo . look it up 	okay i 'll look it up . i just always see posts about him and i jus was n't sure why . i might not see it cause i 'm bias but i 'll look at some more of his matches 
i liked cm punk 's heel run when he was feuding with jeff hardy . my god , he could be a despicable heel when he was preaching the dangers of drugs . 	remember when he tortured rey 's daughter on her birthday ?  what a cocksucker . 
did n't somebody attack him once after he did that . i want to say it was angle or brock . 	in his last match he did the chair trick and then mr . kennedy picked up the chair and smashed him in the head with it . 
i liked cm punk 's heel run when he was feuding with jeff hardy . my god , he could be a despicable heel when he was preaching the dangers of drugs . 	i 've never hated and loved a wrestler more than when he was disrespecting the fuck out of taker and the memory of paul bearer .  the man could be a legendary heel when he felt like it . 
holy crap the pop for bret 's music is ridiculous 	the guy in the black shirt behind hbk goes fucking mental when the music hits . 
does tim really need to wear a black tshirt with jeans ? is that a uniform or something ? 	ceos can wear casual clothing like the rest of us . 
okay , i 'll add you next time i 'm on , i was sick today so i did n't do much . do you happen to know your soul memory ? 	i do not , i just got off for the night in a fit of uncontrollable rage so i will have to look tommorow . i believe i am level 60 - 70 though . 
i do not , i just got off for the night in a fit of uncontrollable rage so i will have to look tommorow . i believe i am level 60 - 70 though . 	i 'm around there , so we should be able to co - op , i 'll add you next time i 'm on . 
oh god do n't say that 	hope she was n't hand delivering the message . 
but a dual monitor setup with borderless windowed mode on should work just fine . any screen should work . also allows you to look at the timers without even clicking in the second screen . 	nothing to do with timers , its unrelated to game why he alt tabs out .  just should n't be happening at all . 
it was exactly half of that at 2 . 5 million a year . 	lol , i read the notification on my phone wrong . i 'm glad the contract is so much lower . 
2 years at 5 million a year i think . 	it was exactly half of that at 2 . 5 million a year . 
you need a license for a dog , but not a child . 	does n't mean people are good with pets , though . 
i just googled how its administered to small autistic kids . not nice . i know parents are desperate but wtf . 	i read about the method , horrific . 
there is no balance between skill and arcane in this game yet , you 'd do better with pure skill and lower your investment in arcane as much as possible . 	is n't the burial blade decent with arcane ? 
that makes sense .  what if a structure like an observation post could automatically scan down holes and signatures , but only revealed them to the owner of the structure ? 	i would be ok with this . fuck no to gates or wormhole stabilizers or anything like that . 
i 'd say your best bet would be to make a suit out of steak and then just roam in the woods until you have to fight one yourself . nothing beats a primary source . 	i bet i could fill a whole book of animal companions with that kind of info . thanks ! 
which seat is he going to take ? maybe alonso is sick of driving that turd and is going to set the rest of the year out 	well i mean he only has to be in the seat for half the race before they bring them in so it 's not too bad 
why is a mod posting so much pro - snp and anti - labour content 	none of my posts get special privileges . you 're free to upvote , downvote , or post your own content as you wish .   
i know you do n't like what i 'm saying but maybe you should reflect on your role as an information filter . 	maybe you should take the tinfoil hat off and have a cold shower . 
the nfl , mlb , the nba and every sport was invented by the government to give us something to watch and complain about so that we do n't pay attention to real issues . 	that is what reality shows are you used for . 
same here . i moved to germany from montreal . i think i woke up the neighbors . worth it . 	central european meet - up for when we hoist lord stanley ? 
wait why didnt she say that . or ya nasty 	or literally anything . did she even watch the show ? she could 've even jacked katya 's gig for a second and did natasha the russian gymnast lol . 
eli5 what a regulated device is . 	pretty much anything with any kind of electronics that will detect a short or drained battery i . e . all variable voltage devices , kicks , most ego batteries . 
kudos for that . cheap insurance to keep your customers alive . 	that 's right it , s all about customer service and pr . 
op :  thinks people who had battery explosions were idiots ignores melted battery corner 	that 's exactly the point . it 's pretty easy to think that other people 's mistakes are stupid and still make dangerous mistakes yourself . 
based on photo 6 this person is a clown . 	hey man why you hating on my vans ! 
you can see in pic number 2 that its some cloud chasing dude bro rda . 	ca n't see the pictures at work , it 's blocked , thou seeing the pictures from home , you 're right .  edit : spelling 
what if i add an extra layer of wrap to my batteries ? 	it may not fit in the mod . 
what if i add an extra layer of wrap to my batteries ? 	might be possible , but may cause fit problems . probably not that helpful though really . 
as long as it never shorted , i do n't know how it could damage the battery . 	i think it 's because of the possibility that juice could still be in there and therefore could potentially short out at any time 
how hard is to re wrap ? 	it 's extremely easy . all you need is a hair dryer or like butane torch . i prefer hair dryer method . 
so many mech users victim blaming in this thread lol . 	well the op did notice his wrap was damage and did nothing about it , and used a shorted battery , his fault . 
op :  thinks people who had battery explosions were idiots ignores melted battery corner 	did you even read ops post ? i do believe he addresses his very own ignorance exactly . 
how did it short ? what connected the poles ? 	there must have been a tear in the battery wrapper or perhaps it was it was a hybrid cap and the 510 was n't long enough . 
you can help him by disable your adblock for his channel , not skip his ads , or offer him a job on voice acting . 	this guy is a voice actor ? he has the most monotone voice i 've heard on youtube in a while . 
1 . 1 mil subscribers and youtube not even once told me of this dude .  i 'll help support him the best way i can , watching ads . 	he is n't a money maker for youtube , cos he does n't enable ads . so youtube would n't want to promote him . 
1 . 1 mil subscribers and youtube not even once told me of this dude .  i 'll help support him the best way i can , watching ads . 	i 've been watching him since his gears of war montages . look up his oregon trail video . 
my job kicks ass ! i come to work smiling . but there can be long days .  engineer at an aquarium .  i get to play with rays , dolphins , and turtles ! 	that does sound like a pretty good job to be fair . if i was doing something like that i would n't mind doing a couple of extra hours , 14 is a little excessive though . 
glorious . 	fabulous !  may your glory continue through the week ! 
feeling great ! 	high five ! 
jesus , i 'm glad i do n't have your job . my 9 - 5 is enough for me . 	my job kicks ass ! i come to work smiling . but there can be long days .  engineer at an aquarium .  i get to play with rays , dolphins , and turtles ! 
leave the sub to go hit up some other corners of reddit and the sub goes nuts . what happened here in the past hour ? 	i gave up downvoting you . so much effort . also some stuff happen and some people are mad and other people do n't care 
people are mostly assholes , but they 're also mostly nice . it 's a strange paradox . 	i think you 're nice and not at all an asshole . 
why would you rub yourself against a performing artist on stage ? that slap was fully deserved . 	yea , when people mildly get on my nerves , i clock them in the face , because i 'm a decent person . 
i do n't think it 's going to be released this summer if brad bird has started to write it this week . 	yeah it 'll be 2017 at the earliest . animation takes a long time , especially pixar animation . 
i do n't think it 's going to be released this summer if brad bird has started to write it this week . 	oh , but that just means more time will make it a greater of a film . i thought it was this year because i saw some topic on it . apparently it incorrect and taken down lol edit : word 
i think that 's way more plausible than them hiring a pretty recognizable actor to play another very recognizable actor that he does n't really have much of a resemblance to . 	i feel less weird now . 
if you want to do engineering and have a social life you have to have discipline , the course work is hard , but very doable , you just have to sit and do it instead of procrastinating . 	thank you very much for the info ! 
how 's it like being a mech eng student ? it 's something i 'm planning on taking after h . s ! do you have a social life ? is the coursework super hard ? 	if you want to do engineering and have a social life you have to have discipline , the course work is hard , but very doable , you just have to sit and do it instead of procrastinating . 
gee , he must have really pissed off his girlfriend .  plot twist : psycho gf baked the cake ! 	she always wanted to bake a cake so she figured she 'd take a stab a it 
there 's absolutely nothing wrong with being racist . look at sweden 's recent rape and crime epidemic if you want to see the effects of too much tolerance . 	you are literally the worst kind of person . 
does n't he use a pretty modern composite bow ? those things do n't require all that much power to draw , since they 're pulley - operated . 	not in season 1 . i think he started the compound bow in the second season , i could be wrong though . 
i 've only seen a few episodes , but i 've read on here that olly his probably stronger than bane , what with the draw strength needed to fire his bow . any thoughts on that ? 	does n't he use a pretty modern composite bow ? those things do n't require all that much power to draw , since they 're pulley - operated . 
i 've only seen a few episodes , but i 've read on here that olly his probably stronger than bane , what with the draw strength needed to fire his bow . any thoughts on that ? 	uhhhh i do n't know . i 'm not an archer so i do n't know anything about draw strengths and stuff , but bane did punch through concrete . i ca n't recall arrow doing anything like that . 
thursday to saturday last week were spring . this week is summer . autumn due any moment now . 	autumn is this weekend . 
or why people think it 's socially acceptable to play music as loud as possible . do people only listen to music when it 's sunny ? 	not only that but they make sure to open all the windows first ! 
they 're just trying to drown out the topless 80 year old mowing his lawn for 8 hours every day , i do n't blame them . 	oh my dear lord , last week this fucker behind us mowed his lawn for at least six hours , without exaggeration . 
go back to your pies lad , shiz gonna get out of hand . shit fight gonna get delicious and malicious 	yo momma likes pie . 
it 's still spring , is n't it ? or have we now decided once the sun is shining we skip a season ? 	thursday to saturday last week were spring . this week is summer . autumn due any moment now . 
last time i used one was to cut a rusty part out of a digger bucket . very manly indeed . 	unfortunately i do n't work with or own diggers , so i do n't get that opportunity . 
one thing you can say in favour of cats is that they definitely do n't do impressions of car alarms . 	eh , debatable . if they each stick their claws in you in succession they could still achieve the effect by proxy . 
rent . you gotta have payday loans to rent rims like that .  probably from some hilarious place like rent n roll . 	rent - a - center meets pimp my ride . 
lol . please do n't be florida 	i guarantee this is fl . see it everyday . 
every comments section of every nigger related article on every mainstream news site . 	yeah , especially comments sections on local news affiliates . 
every comments section of every nigger related article on every mainstream news site . 	internet anonymity . until those comments are made out loud and in public without heavy media backlash then there 's nothing to see . 
i 'm not sure about having a hard corner - most ports with bends use a radius bend which gives it a constant cross section . 	yes . you do not want air rush noise , now i do not know how much air moves out of the ons port , but if he can opt for a rounded corner instead it seems like a better idea . 
impossible , every other game i play works flawlessly and without any glitches of anything , this is the game , btw this only happens when cranking all the settings up to max . 	lots of people are experiencing high cpu temperatures while playing . i wouldnt be surprised if the same is happening to you . 
third pic , yes . 	that pic is actually the oldest of the three . i guess i hit my peak at 24 
the picture has a middle school dance vibe haha . still awesome though . 	yeah this was right after j . e . s . u . s finished and yuma was done for the year 
hey , the thanks goes to you for making it , i 'm just putting it where it 'll be appreciated . 	no problem , i always forget what related subs things could be posted to . 
exactly - it was a common complaint about breaking bad . 	the only bad episode in bb was the fly one . 
yeah noel really frustrated us this year playing 77 games with no knee related injuries . hes a real headache . 	they both missed their rookie year , plus they 've yet to play alongside each other in the regular season . ergo , the comment stands . 
is n't it top 5 protected ? 	this season it is , but if we do n't get it this draft we get it next draft top 3 protected , if we do n't get it next season we get it 2017 unprotected 
what are those chests that everyone has by their usernames ? all my friends have them . different chests also . 	it is for the friend game that was introduced last week . 
okay , all the turtles into vivi then . so red units have an advantage over mihawk ? one more day to farm some red crabs then . thanks for your help . 	yeah str is strong against dex , therefore damages dealt by your red units to mihawk will be greater . 
as much as i love them , would they have got nearly as big if charlie was n't in busted ? 	that 's a really interesting point . i 'm sure they would have but you never know . grand unification was an incredible album and they are amazing live . 
pierce the veil , but a very close second for me is falling in reverse . my body is ready for the hate 	it 's hard to hate on pierce the veil 
say hello to sunshine alienated a lot of their core fans . 	tough to argue that one their first album was angsty teenage written though . 
huge quality drop after the emptiness . basically dropped off the face of the planet . not too great live from what i 've heard . 	i disagree . i think everything they 've released through their whole career is amazing . and great live . seen them twice 
their name can be read in two different ways . stop confusing us dammit 	i read it as alexis on fire but i only now realized it can be alex is on fire as well : o 
they have no rhythm , especially their harsh vocalist . 	strongly agree . i do n't even mind his voice but there 's like no hooks or catchy bits and it sounds like the singer is singing to different music than what 's in the song . 
i agree with all those points to an extent except for thomas 's sloppy playing . usually he 's pretty great , except live but i forgive that since the band as a whole plays crazy good shows . 	oh i know i 'm half messing around in this thread . just kinda fun to be mean 
do n't like blue sky noise or violent waves . i have no idea why , i just do n't . new stuff sounds good though . 	i did n't really like violent waves but i thought blue sky noise was a masterpiece . different strokes though ! 
i love pretty much all their stuff except a couple song on vulnerable . the new album is great but far from what they used to sound like . 	imo their most recent album was really weak and boring . the lyrics were a lot more cringey compared to their earlier ones . 
dallas green is full of himself . 	he can be full of himself all he wants to , as long as he keeps putting out city and color music . 
la dispute . do your worst ! 	i do n't really like the spoken word style . so , i guess they suck because of that kind of stuff ? 
it seems like a general consensus violent waves is the odd one out . 	i actually really like that one . the album i do n't like is on letting go . 
hands like houses . 	they have great singing and melodies with pretty generic guitar work . i like them but they could do way more with the guitars . 
one of my favorites but when i saw them live i was just disappointed . his voice was just way too quiet and could n't really hear him over everything else . 	not really their fault , could be that venue 's sound guy , or even their own sound guy .  and honestly , i find this is a problem at a lot of shows , regardless of band . 
not really their fault , could be that venue 's sound guy , or even their own sound guy .  and honestly , i find this is a problem at a lot of shows , regardless of band . 	oh i completely understand . i was just disappointed that concert . 
not really , the only albums of theirs i really listened to were the last two , and i did n't like them enough to dig into their older stuff . not bad at all , just not really my thing . 	they went through a big stylistic shift . their first two albums are definitely worth a listen , they are much more traditional post - hardcore . 
personally , i think geoff could n't sing his way out of a paper bag and into a voice lesson . i could never get into them no matter how cool the instruments were because of him . 	i was just thinking about this yesterday . i love thursday and it 's amazing how successful they were , considering the dude never once sung well . 
if what you mean by hipster is the shirt buttoned up all the way to the neck , then iirc it 's just how australians wear their shirts 	australian here , that 's how hipsters in australia wear shirts . normal people do not . 
i did n't really like violent waves but i thought blue sky noise was a masterpiece . different strokes though ! 	it seems like a general consensus violent waves is the odd one out . 
oh i know i 'm half messing around in this thread . just kinda fun to be mean 	lol yeah , that 's the point man . go wild . 
pierce the veil , but a very close second for me is falling in reverse . my body is ready for the hate 	fanbase is garbage . vic 's voice can kind of grate my nerves down sometimes depending on the mixing of the record .  their guitar playing is so good tho so that 's all i got . 
hail the sun . ca n't be done , nope . 	yeah it can . donovan 's lyrics are dumb as fuck 
that 's what this sub is for ! watching a rabbit die from a nerve agent while shitty ghetto music plays ! 	the mods had that exact statement in mind during its creation . it 's hand carved on stone plates in a bunker deep underground to survive the apocalypse so others can carry it 's legacy ! 
great , now i 'll have astronaut nightmares . 	i mean , they just need to stick a fan nearby , so it 's not that big of a deal . 
exercise man ! it helps a lot , and you 'll feel better after a workout 	i hit the gym too frequently . 
til : people buy orcas 	if i had the money to buy one . i would absolutely buy one . i do n't have a reason either other then i need it . 
what 's the use of a rear view monitor if you still have to look behind you ? 	lmao . i 'm laughing so hard thinking of suv 's with rear - view cameras positioned behind the driver . 
wow , you answered your own question right before you asked it . 	you mean to say that people buy the orca because it looks cool ? i guess i 'm sold . 
lmao . i 'm laughing so hard thinking of suv 's with rear - view cameras positioned behind the driver . 	thank you so much ! i needed that laugh ! xd 
what 's the use of a rear view monitor if you still have to look behind you ? 	when your ship 's that long , with multiple compartments between the cockpit and the rear , a screen is the only way to see what 's behind you . 
the orca looks awesome , but is there any reason to buy the ship ? how does an orca make money ? 	there 's a thread somewhere describing that it makes a great pirate ship . 
yeah , but it 's only 2 meters wide . that 's no bigger than a womp rat ! 	rodents of unusual size ? i do n't believe they exist . 
the side vents on the eagle wings have the same issue atm , been meaning to send a support ticket ! 	i think you have to open a bug report on their forums instead of a support ticket - i think support ticket is for personal matters and maybe not so much game bugs ? correct me if i 'm wrong 
when i first heard build the cities , i was imaging like a madeon drop vibe , i hope someone does that 	when i first heard build the cities , i was expecting glitch hop . i hope someone does that . 
why , meredith ! we should put a bell on you . 	and all those times she does n't say anything but just stares . and then you have to look at don 's face afterwards . like an inside joke to the viewer . 
it should work just fine , it does on windows . 	fair enough . saw a red flag , thought i 'd point it out just in case . 
dunno why this got downvoted , just search in google blender make a terrain , then blender make grass .  you will have to use displacement modifier , and some particle system for the grass 	thanks man . my friend is gonna be super happy ,  hopefully  
why does it start half way threw ? 	op probably accidentally copied a link connected to a time stamp instead of just the video . 
why does it start half way threw ? 	the video i linked does not . this post does , however . 
korea knows what 's up 	it may well be the last bastion of asian shitlording , seeing as japan is being slowly corrupted . 
thank you for your support , kind stranger ! : d 	i 'll gladly support causes i care about , and big boobs going wild just happens to be a cause near and dear to my heart . 
that 's not what i thought a baby rabbit would look like ! which country are you from ? 	pennsylvania , usa 
wow , that 's a very young bunny ! is there any sign of his mom around ? maybe you can return him to his family . i think bunnies that young are pretty hard to take care of . 	no sign of it 's mom but we found the hole it came from and more babies . put it back and are going to keep the dogs inside for a while 
aw man , that sucks . i really wish you the best in the future . keep working hard . good luck . 	thanks ! i need every bit i can get . 
i could n't per my school 's requirements . really wish i could have . they required us taking it by a certain date and i took it as close to that date as possible . 	aw man , that sucks . i really wish you the best in the future . keep working hard . good luck . 
dude , sleep with your computer on playing family guy on low enough volume . 	i do the exact same thing but with game grumps . 
this is small government . they have a duty to protect life . 	where 's the bill to ban masturbation to protect those millions of sperm ? 
so you think murder is a better option ? does that child not have the right to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness ? 	i didnt state my stance one way or the other . you did n't answer my questions . 
there is no child , it 's a fetus . it does not have a life .  meth can absolutely fuck with other people 's lives . pot , not so much . 	at what moment does it become a child ? the second before it 's okay to abort and the second after it is murder ? 
your point is void if you believe only christians and religious people have a problem with abortion . some people just think it is common sense to say that a childs life begins after procreation . 	i 've heard the religious argument more often than not .  what basis is there that conception is that start of life ? 
we should legalize armed robberies so that store clerks do n't run the risk of dying from complications of armed robberies . just make armed robberies safe , legal , and rare . 	that 's literally the stupidest false equivalency i 've ever heard . 
but the thing is at no point did you prove that a fetus is n't human . you just asked me questions to make me look like an ass for my feelings . 	i did n't have to prove a fetus is n't a human . i only wanted to show you that if we treat a fetus as human , it opens a can of worms . i wanted to see how you 'd answer this can of worms . 
r u serious ?  just imagine dual wielded double freedom or knight 	the quadruple freedom ! 
there are quieter keyboards you can use and if you 're ballsy enough you can buy o - rings for your blue switches to hopefully absorb the noise you 'd make . 	how much of a difference would o - rings really make ? blues are pretty loud , but if it would quiet it enough to not bother people that would be perfect for me 
how much of a difference would o - rings really make ? blues are pretty loud , but if it would quiet it enough to not bother people that would be perfect for me 	it basically stops the key from hitting the floor of the switch which i think is where a lot of your noise comes from . 
so keep them to yourself . just stop talking about the un on the subreddit please . 	fine then , then you all have to stop talking about squads and kill montages aswell , since they are not related to the ar development .  deal ? 
the game is n't about kos . you make it kos . 	yep , me especially , i just forced kos into the game and thousands of players enjoying the playstyle didnt shape it in anyway 
ah , my mistake . but why did n't you quote the part about surgery then ? 	but to make such a comment about a young girls growing and changing body is pretty harsh and not medically alarming at all to be honest . 
did the doctor do anything to try and delay puberty when she was 6 ? i thought that was fairly common when it starts that young . but i 'm in the us . 	no , we took her to the doctor who said it was becoming more normal these days , and as long as she didnt start her periods too early , then there was nothing to worry about . 
why not set yourself up to live the rest of your life and give the rest to your family who needed it ?   	got out . gave it all to my sister who could do with it as she wished . 
yeah , the northern midwest is kinda liberal , especially minnesota . 	minnesota is practically canada . if america divided i would n't be surprised if they became the 11th province . 
i think the states around the great lakes would do alright . controlling that much fresh water would give them some power . plus chicago is still the hub of the railway system . 	the agriculture of the middle states might also make them ok on a trading level with the coasts . gotta have that corn syrup . 
i do n't think usa has been developing in a long time . the opposite of it , actually . 	i think that was a direct shot at the u . k . 
wha ? ah yeah , indiana turned at some point . dunno what the fuck is up with them 	i do n't fucking understand my own goddamned state 
oh , come on . i knew that popular opinion on reddit leaned to the left , but i did n't think it was quite this delusional . 	reddit tends to lean more right - wing than anything , but ok , whatever floats your boat . 
no , i mean what are the attractive parts of their party platform ? it 's hard for people to see past the homophobia and racism . 	their official platform is really attractive . their de facto platform is ugly . 
minnesota is practically canada . if america divided i would n't be surprised if they became the 11th province . 	meh , i still think we associate more with america than our beaver - pelt wearing northern brothers . 
and the north will smack their redneck ass back down again ! 	long live the union . 
mute and get over it . poeple will always be toxic in a game as stressful as dota . you 'll have a lot more fun if you just mute and move on . 	very fair point . i never change anyone 's mind arguing anyway haha . 
honestly , this is great advice . thank you ! 	no prob , hope your dota days are happy . 
i hear that too , was n't it in an interview with mark snow once ? i felt like once i read it , i heard it every time the theme started . 	i could be misremembering , but i think i originally saw dd sing this in an interview on the rosie o 'donnell show , way back when . 
this is where i remember hearing it too . 	this may have been one of the ones i taped on vhs and watched over and over , uh , i mean , i have a really good memory . 
all these top suspicions and i 'm just sitting here hoping he 's an ap mid . 	yeah i figured he is ap no way ad , right ? 
go to a local free wifi place , especially a place with computers to use and not your own . upload images from a usb drive to whatever site , post info using anonymous account here . 	library or an internet cafe would work . he could probably just mail the usb to someone here as well and let them upload it . 
library or an internet cafe would work . he could probably just mail the usb to someone here as well and let them upload it . 	true . but posting anything else would require doing it somewhere not at home and preferably not on a personal device . 
ok great ! : 3 	looking at your character again , were you the one who kept asking if i wanted to trade and kept giving me o - powers ? 
can you change abilities ? i requested something like that once on 2 pokemon and it was done and battle tested . 	sadly , abilities cannot be changed , but if it is not a hidden ability and you want to change it i can use a ability capsule on the poke . 
i 'm east coast and i 'm questioning why i 'm still watching , you da real mvp . 	same , i just feel like i 've invested too much time to not see it through at this point . 
so the stream is offline for me . anyone else ? 	only bravo is up for me , fine by me hopefully watch proph lose this game 5 just before the og series start . 
you on the bravo stream ? mine is up . 	main stage is offline , bravo still has the proph vs vvv game . 
first map of the night where they looked like optic gaming ! 	did you not watch the hp vs . rise ? 
thank you for the advice and the offer ! i think i 'll stick to reddit though , if i do n't find something on here , i 'll just stick to lps . 	just try it out man . better then watching lps . 
great car , tons of fun , even sounds decent ! 	sounds like the dude from forza and all the new equipment that pd has is finally being put to its use . 
xd that onion , like wtf ? hahaha 	the onion is both the national fruit and vegetable of poland ofc . 
the challenge is what makes games fun . 	i know , i ca n't play other games the same . dark souls spoiled me , i 'm at the point where i play it to relax xd 
i guess i 'm just used to pve . i like the challenge : 3 	the challenge is what makes games fun . 
skyrim especially , you can go into your inventory mid fight and heal back to full hp with potions . 	not to mention spending half an hour turning one bandit chief 's face into a pin cushion with a bow before he decides that it tickles . 
what about the passenger door ? 	i 'd guess there was n't much space on that side either since it was squeezed in between two cars 
i swear , all articles about this issue spew some chinese xenophobia every time , as if the entire country is to blame for every manufacturing problem . 	to be fair , they manufacture the bulk of our items . therefore the complaint remains valid 
lpt : you should not ride it with your elbow . try using your feet . 	i was wondering why my face was so low to the ground . 
my mobo has 4 of them . does the corsair h100i also use a pwm plug ? btw thanks ill use 2 splitters 	yeah , i 'm pretty sure the h100i uses pwm . just be careful not to go over 1 amp per header , and you should be fine . 
no i 've agreed to put down a bond but not pay months rent until the day i move in 	who 's downvoting ?  anyway , ianal , but i 'd guess until that bond is actually paid , you have little recourse . 
apparently the original transfer is a mess and it 'll take a lot of time and money to restore that . 	yeah the one on netflix is watchable but you can tell it needs a lot of work . 
it 's gonna be a great day when we get a criterion blu - ray of the cook , the thief , his wife , and her lover . 	apparently the original transfer is a mess and it 'll take a lot of time and money to restore that . 
i was thinking of either being a psychologist or flight attendant . 	psychologist . if you can swing medical school : psychiatrist ! 
can you tell me your age and your gender please ? 	39 , male 
wanna hit us with that list ? 	no problem . i 'll post it when i get off work . 
why do cats do that ? 	oh great . now some scumbag vet or cat owner will come here and say it 's dementia or some kind of sickness . hate it when it happens . 
why do cats do that ? 	they are praying to their cat god . 
yup seen this before . had believed it was due to the high gs and uniformed emblems .  some people are easily scared and do n't deserve to get to mercury . 	nobody can do this to me because my grimoire is garbage . i never did any grimoire hunting ever and its low 2k . 
absolutely nothing , in fact , i recommend you do it just so the other team does n't know what to expect . 	my team called this the pre - teabag , because at that point we knew we were going to lose .  edit spelling 
can you really tell if they all have final round snipers that quickly ? 	absolutely . i 've never backed out , but i always immediately check the secondary and quick scan the rest . it takes seconds to determine if this is gunna suck . 
agreed , op sounds awesome and anyone willing to do that is not worth op 's time .  ok now someone else say something nice about op . 	i with op was on my friends list . he would n't waste his time with me praising him 
if you want to counteract this type of cheating put on low level gear and put on your good gear when you begin the match . teach them not to cheat and they get a loss if they leave . 	would n't putting on random green and blue gear match you with similar leveled players like strikes ? 
gonna start dropping my light level to 30 - 31 then swap back to 34 when it starts iron banner style pick up some easy wins . 	why not drop your level to like 20 ? 
this happened to me last night too lol . it was a nice way to end a flawless run to be honest . 	because you know you would have been stressed as fuck for that final match . 
this is a known glitch as well , and a lot of people complained about it ruining their flawless passages . most of the time it 's a win tho . 	what happens if both sides just sit there and refuse to move ? does a tie count as a loss ?  just wondering if there was a way out in this scenario , perhaps you could just wait it out . 
i did n't say it 's against the rules . it 's my opinion . 	why do you think i should be banned ? it does n't seem to me like i 'm doing anything wrong but if i am , i 'll stop . simple . just tell me 
i ran into a guy in control with a flawless emblem who went like 4 - 19 rushing mindlessly and missing every shot .  it does n't mean anything anymore , so many ways to cheese trials . 	hey sometimes i let my daughter play . do n't judge a book by it 's cover . 
this is the best gear in the game right now and i ca n't even get close to winning it . no offense op , but i hope anyone who does this is caught and banned . 	best pvp gear maybe , but most of the osiris stuff is trash for fighting 35 poe 
please say you only ran 9 - 0 across 3 characters this week and stopped playing so others actually stand a chance . 	whether they stop playing or not , you are gonna get a good team along the way . that is the way trials works . with communication and constantly changing strats , any team can be beat 
why not drop your level to like 20 ? 	seems unbelievable people would most likely assume it was intentional but 30 - 31 could bluff crap players into a false sense of hope . 
i with op was on my friends list . he would n't waste his time with me praising him 	i wish op was on my friend 's list too . seems like a guy who does n't care about winning or losing . 
nobody can do this to me because my grimoire is garbage . i never did any grimoire hunting ever and its low 2k . 	i 've played for 2 weeks now and i 'm at 1995 . is it really that hard to do ? just curious if it 's like easy to that point haha . 
wait , i 'm confused . after you find a match , but before the game starts ? how do you know if you 're going to lose or not ? 	they are going by there levels and a lot of times if you see flawless emblem they will leave . not sure but i think you can get a quick view of their gear 
if you run with 3 exotic emblems you are almost guaranteed to get a few free wins due to people leaving . 	i thought it was all of our god of war shaders but you might be on to something . 
received a tie ? thats weird , every single time this happened to my team , we all received free wins . 	this is a known glitch as well , and a lot of people complained about it ruining their flawless passages . most of the time it 's a win tho . 
do you have a script that laughs when you walk ? 	nope , i just have laugh bound to my z key . it 's very easy to hit the z key then right click again to cancel the laugh animation . 
oh you 're kidding ! i used to work for the same guy , i ran the wheaton location for a period of time when he owned it , did you ever worked with kyle ? he was gm over there for a period of time 	hell yeah , kyle managed our location for a while . i think mark sold the wheaton location sometime last year . small world 
what hunter level are you ? 	currently level 8 . i went with with double spits and extra speed , but i 've seen other hunters with different and higher builds get completely wrecked . 
i also think it 's just pretty common knowledge that roommates fall for eachother every now and then . whether it is acted upon or not .   	true , but people fall for the girl at the coffee shop too , but it does n't mean that your girlfriend is the only person allowed to brew you a cup .   
if you look at the stats it actually is founded . but if you do n't respect your so i ca n't change that . have fun 	hit us with you sweet stats bro ! 
may be the grease , my glock came with bright orange grease out of the factory and it looked like this . just strip it and clean it , you 'll be good ! 	i really hope you did n't strip the copper grease out of a new glock . the manual even says not to worry about cleaning until that grease has been completely absorbed by the weapon . 
i really hope you did n't strip the copper grease out of a new glock . the manual even says not to worry about cleaning until that grease has been completely absorbed by the weapon . 	i 'm pretty sure i cleaned my glock before i shot it ! i might not have , but generally i strip and clean every gun i buy before taking it out to the range . 
tell him that you do n't know who he is now that he 's a drug addict . if he respects you then he 'll put that shit away .   	it runs a bit deeper than that . he 's had substance problems for as long as i can remember . 
waiting for people to die probably is n't a winning strategy . 	true . which is why i do n't plan to do only that . 
why do n't we make them do it ? why do n't we elect people who are in favor of making federal power more attentive and less susceptible to corruption ? 	no ! vote democrat instead like a good dumb liberal ! 
is that taking into account my city council , county commission , state senate and state house of representatives ? 	no . this is the federal government . 
by op 's argument , the un would be improved if each country had 100 representatives . 	definitely the way to go . and let 's have british style heckling in multiple languages as well . 
but you guys do have a veto there and since china only has one veto yours is worth a lot more right . 	by op 's argument , the un would be improved if each country had 100 representatives . 
why do n't we make them do it ? why do n't we elect people who are in favor of making federal power more attentive and less susceptible to corruption ? 	good luck getting americans to vote . 
and to be fair , he is n't counting local governments in other countries either . 	then why are we worrying about our relative federal representation in the first place ?  these are junk numbers . 
he did n't answer it , he laid out a number , but with no answer for why that number is better than current figure . 	you did not ask him that . you 're not arguing a point , you 're just trolling op . 
the federal government controls every aspect of our lives . practically all state and local governments do is set speed limits , and even that has a federal cap on it . 	you should really do some research on state and local governments . they do a heck of a lot more than set speed limits . 
in what exact ways has the latest federal election directly affected your life , short of tax policy ? 	the federal government controls every aspect of our lives . practically all state and local governments do is set speed limits , and even that has a federal cap on it . 
has anyone ever challenged you in a men 's room ? 	nope . i 'm still rather manly even when presenting female so it 's usually not a problem . 
make that four of us . i have always loved lifting weights . 	do you still lift ? i 'm starting to dust off my weights after nearly a year off serious lifting . 
guys have shitty senses of smell . makes it difficult to find the source of cat pee . 	you lost your sense of smell ? i have n't noticed that myself . 
guys have shitty senses of smell . makes it difficult to find the source of cat pee . 	i am enjoying my super sense of smell . sometimes it can be quite overwhelming though . 
you lost your sense of smell ? i have n't noticed that myself . 	not lost . it used to be superhuman . now it 's just normal and i notice the loss . 
ok i admit it ! i 'm way too chicken to do it ! i stopped using the men 's room because i was uncomfortable in it . no way could i not use the woman 's room . but it was a funny thought . 	the women 's restroom is terrifying . they can see right through me . 
do men really talk about tits that much ? when i was a guy , i lived almost exclusively in academic circles so i ca n't judge from my own experience . 	also , if you were femme as a male you do n't get this , at least i never did . 
the gil is a big problem in python , you can get around it with a little 'hard work or change interpreter . but simply you can use the gpu , easy to implement and much faster than cpu 	how so ? where can i read more about it ? 
thank you , for the suggestion , i 'll try it tomorrow !  correct me if i 'm wrong but to my understanding i cant multi - thread cpu - bound task in python because of the gil , or can i ? 	the gil is a big problem in python , you can get around it with a little 'hard work or change interpreter . but simply you can use the gpu , easy to implement and much faster than cpu 
it is of course not about the dog , but about the fact that op did not literally drop everything to rush to her side when nmom called . 	oh of course , i 'm just saying that any way you could point out the ridiculousness , 
are you using unity free ? shadows are a pro feature . 	you can have a single directional light with a hard shadow in free . 
as a helpful hint she probably does n't let you in the kitchen while she 's cooking because indian food is particularly pungent and she probably believes you will think it smells bad . 	that makes sense . i usually smell it in the apartment and while i do n't think it smells bad , it 's rather different . 
in the uk every there are tons of curry houses . the english love curry and have fully incorporated the food into uk culture . live a little , op . 	we 're in a part of the us where indian food is n't as common . 
i do n't know if i want to go as far as wearing indian clothes and stuff , but i want her to at least feel comfortable in her clothes . she does n't even wear them in front of me anymore . 	that 's because she feels judged and silly . if you truly love her you will do anything and every thing to show her you care and are interested in her cultural identity . 
congrats on the baby ! i bet both of you will be great parents ! as for the rest , communication and honesty are key . just keep talking it out . 	thank you . i know we 're both excited to be parents , but this recent situation has made things very stressful and confusing . if it was any other day , i 'd be the happiest man alive . 
i remember distinctly her saying south india . it was our first date . 	guess start learning more about her . after 7 years , its about damn time . 
i 'll probably have to do them behind her back . she wo n't let me into the kitchen if she 's there , not even to do dishes . 	as a helpful hint she probably does n't let you in the kitchen while she 's cooking because indian food is particularly pungent and she probably believes you will think it smells bad . 
depending on their age , it might not be that big of a deal to them . sometimes people just want to be people . 	not saying it always needs to be a big thing but people are never just people . they 're the sum total of their genetics and their history . ignoring that is a mistake 
i brought this up and somehow she does n't think so . she thinks if she continues to hide it from them , the way she 's hiding from me , it 'll all be okay . i do n't get it . 	judging solely by the existence of this post , the fact that she 's hiding it from you is clearly not okay , and thus hiding it from the child will not be either . 
depending on their age , it might not be that big of a deal to them . sometimes people just want to be people . 	yes , sometimes young people are dumbasses . 
i did like the takeout that i ate yesterday , so i 'll probably like my wife 's cooking too .  i 'll try to bring up counseling more , but at the moment she wo n't agree to it . 	i really do think counseling is the way to go here . it 's just so strange the way she 's acting like it 's shameful to be indian . do you live in an area where that 's looked down on ? 
how have you never had indian food in any other capacity , even if you have somehow never just eaten some of your wife 's cooking ? 	white - bread area , my family and i did n't even know any indians . there were no indian restaurants where i grew up , and very few around here . 
you guys are married and the cross - cultural issues never came up in conversation ? you never felt like they were worth raising ?  what have you been doing all these years 	depending on their age , it might not be that big of a deal to them . sometimes people just want to be people . 
deal , and just tell me when you 're on , i 'll try to check periodically 	thanks for the trade . 
i 'm confused . i thought the whole point of the love story was that it was stupid to marry the first hot guy you meet and fall for the nice guy instead . 	turning down any man is misandry . 
i wish i knew anything about building pcs . i just feel like it is so far above my head 	it is n't particularly difficult , but if you are really worried about it you can probably find websites that will do a custom build for you at a very cheap price . 
i wish i knew anything about building pcs . i just feel like it is so far above my head 	i felt the same way , but its literally like legos . it 's so simple , i was worried but i still managed to do it . it 's very easy , do n't be afraid . 
thanks . good explanation and advice . 	no problem , its write lengthy answer , or pay attention to this tom cruise movie . 
that 's gonna cost you 	what 's the price ? 
keep telling yourself that and you 'll never heal , man . just let it go . 	thanks for the oh - so - amazing advice , person that i do n't know and did n't ask for advice from . 
yeah i think someone else said in the post - show thread that they had forgotten what good cinematography on tv looked like since bb . out - fucking - standing . 	the shot from inside the car was great too , before he hit the skater guy . 
even though registration is closed , you can still show up and sign - up at the door . 	they 're hosting it in my building ! i shall attend . 
is it touch screen ? and how is it busted ? crack or scratch 	it 's a touch screen . the outer glass is fine , but the lcd underneath has been cracked and is completely non - functioning . nothing appears when turned on . 
go to oops my cell on henderson hwy . the owner is great and from my experience they have best pricing in town . good luck ! 	actually , just got my phone back from there yesterday , good as new ! shout out to michael , who messaged me with an affordable price quote ! great service , would recommend . 
the beer part made me laugh hard , sounds like my dad ! 	as soon as we got off the call , my husband and i died laughing . 
congrats on starting young . take care of yourself , and try to remember to have fun . you sounded pretty serious at the end there , lol . 	i 'm curious , what is the average age in which people generally unplug and take the pill ?   
if i do n't shoot every now and then it 'll clog up ! 	okay . i 'm gonna leave you alone to solve some issues you clearly have 
i do n't care if it 's fake , it 's still funny as shit . 	am i the only one who does n't find these funny ?  it 's like 14 year old humor . 
no , it makes total sense that some of the quotes will sound totally legit . but not every single black person speaks like that . some do , some kind of do , some do n't at all . 	if america 's ghettos are anything like where i 'm from , then white people will use that shit aswell 
yeah a lot of these sound like a white person trying to talk black . 	i worked with inner city children . the do n't cuss that much because they 're afraid to around adults . they do cuss though . but they do say hilarious things . 
i do n't think it 's racist but kind of cringey for making fun of inner city kids . 	no fun allowed ! ever ! even if funny things are happening 
bitches do love waterfalls doe . 	can confirm : took my bitch to a waterfall . bitch loved it . 
have you listened to any kids say anything for any length of time ? regardless of dialect children say stupid shit . 	i 'm more sad at how they are saying it then what they are saying . these are school aged kids and they sound like they are semi - retarded . 
peep me some space ! 	hey do n't be so quick to judge i think that 's just how stephen hawking got started . 
i find this unbelievable and racist . 	how is it racist ? he never mentioned what color of the kids skin was .   
no , it makes total sense that some of the quotes will sound totally legit . but not every single black person speaks like that . some do , some kind of do , some do n't at all . 	i teach in baltimore , and i 've heard similar shit from the mouths of all sorts of different races . 
i think its more racist to associate things with a specific race . you know , like how you just did . 	pointing out that people in general do x is n't doing x . 
how is it racist ? i used to do school photography in la county and a lot of the kids talked like that . how is it racist if it 's the way a lot of kids talk from certain areas ? 	because a white dude who spends his time making humor accounts on twitter lied about the whole thing and tweeted what he thinks minorities sound like . 
i find this unbelievable and racist . 	i dont think it 's racist but it is sketchy to mention they 're urban kids of all colours as if we were going to assume something . 
how is it racist ? he never mentioned what color of the kids skin was .   	does n't really have to be mentioned . urban youth is media term used to say inner city black or latino kids . 
no , it makes total sense that some of the quotes will sound totally legit . but not every single black person speaks like that . some do , some kind of do , some do n't at all . 	well , the account never says their black , nor does the post you 're responding to . i would completely expect this of any inner - city kid though . 
i find this unbelievable and racist . 	could you explain why it is racist ? it never mentions any skin color or race . trust me , white kids speak like this too . 
because people typically lack the education and cultural exposure to understand the history of racism and its forms in us culture . they 're ignorant of in denial . 	only an ignorant fool would mistake using ebonics as being racist . dialects vary from region to region . get over it . 
the other day there was a person on reddit trying to explain that y 'all was n't a word i got a kick out of that 	it 's not a word that intelligent people use . 
no , it makes total sense that some of the quotes will sound totally legit . but not every single black person speaks like that . some do , some kind of do , some do n't at all . 	i just figured it was a class , and most of the quotes were from the same quote - friendly dude . 
and patrice is just eatin leafs . fucking patrice . 	she must have watched the land before time . those delicious looking tree stars . i was disappointed early in my life . then i discovered chocolate . 
it really is n't though . anyone who has spent any amount of time around ghetto children would know they do n't really talk like this . to me it 's just stupid . 	it 's black face in a different medium 
because there really is n't a connection between how someone speaks and how intelligent they are , its just a different dialect . 	the other day there was a person on reddit trying to explain that y 'all was n't a word i got a kick out of that 
this is either a quote from something or the continuing saga of redditors thinking they 've met me in real life . 	nah i 'm just being silly . have a good night man . 
bitches do love waterfalls doe . 	can confirm . sent a picture of a waterfall to my bitch and she broke up with me and now is going out with the waterfall . ai n't that a bitch . 
what kind of doctor do you see for laughing your fake ass off ? 	a dentist . 
i 'll pass that along to mr . wikipedia for you . boy will his face be red ! 	you should be equally embarrassed since you 're the silly person that quoted it as if it 's a fact when it 's from wikipedia . good research pal . 
how is it racist ? i used to do school photography in la county and a lot of the kids talked like that . how is it racist if it 's the way a lot of kids talk from certain areas ? 	tell me , do you think mocking an asian person 's accent is n't racist ? 
and others would have much easier work to kill shirou . and since saber class does n't provide independent action skill , ichigo would disappear instantly . 	sure , if he 's fighting every other servant at once . ichigo could kill illya and be back at shirou 's side before berserker or any other servant could move . 
that 's because saber got lucky . seriously 	they did n't say anything about luck in the show , i think it was skill .  edit : it was luck , you 're probably right . 
you know each guy probably got about 2mil right ? 	again for 2 . 5 million you can call me whatever the fuck you want . physical abuse okay . i mean for 2 . 5 million most men would do a lot . 
itt : people who have no idea what the conditions were like in that company claiming they would be happy to go through the same experience to get some money . 	also itt : no one understands the concept of punitive damages 
note to self : never hire a minority due to risks of lawsuits . 	lpt : do n't be a racist fuck and never pay out in civil rights cases ! 
you know each guy probably got about 2mil right ? 	fuck man , i got loans to pay and i am planning a wedding . i do n't give a shit how much i get . any little but helps . 
it 's ok if you do n't like it but being called kate is n't that bad . 	his ass is n't even kate - good . 
it 's a person , place , or thing . 	do n't forget idea . 
two jews walk into a bar . 	they both pass ! 
he broke his nose .  but seriously . my original comment . it 's not even a joke . it does n't make any sense . reddit confuses me sometimes . 	that 's gold jerry ! 
15 million ? 15 million ?  and this comes out of taxpayers pockets . fuck this stupid shit . 	you understand the company is paying that money ? as punishment for being racist cunts ? and it has nothing to do with taxpayers ? 
except that 's not what i 'm talking about . but it seems you have an agenda so the chances that this goes anywhere is slim to none 	i really do n't . i am just caught off guard when i get accusations white guilt when i do something like admit white privilege exists , or feel people should refrain from using the n word . 
what the company did was absurd . the damages need to be high in order to discourage the company from doing it again . 	it 's not some magical company that did this . it 's specific people , and they need to pay .  but hey , it 's easier to sue something abstract that has more cash . 
wow , this comment thread is a new low . 	the sad part is that it 's sort of not . every race thread is like this . 
something , something about civil rights laws .  google it yourself . 	i asked what you think . not what the 1965 law says . i consider that law unconstitutional . 
a little high in the punitive damages , but they certainly had an unacceptable workplace . 	meh , they 're not a small company . they can afford it .  if not , fuck em . 
i think his point is you do n't see a whole lot of racist white people in any african country . 	south africa has no racist white people then ? 
a little high ? lets be real , ridiculously high . 	really ? it 's 2015 and company 's are still doing this shit ? 
two jews walk into a bar . 	they then both buy their drinks with the proper legal tender and go about their day . 
scumbag co - workers . some days i marvel that i 'm living in the future others i 'm shocked at how we are still living in the past 	but we 're in the present . 
i 'll pick cotton for the rest of my life and take a few lashes for 15 mil . 	why ? you would n't even have time to spend the money if you 're literally picking cotton until you drop dead 
they then both buy their drinks with the proper legal tender and go about their day . 	first rule of jewish fight club :  let 's eat . 
it 's not illegal to receive large sums of money . 	it is when it 's fraud 
there is nothing adult or adolescent about making words taboo . do n't try to claim higher ground over this . 	the words are already taboo . it 's recognizing how saying something makes the people around you feel and acting accordingly that makes the difference between a child and an adult . 
yes , god forbid a man be allowed to what he wishes with his money and his business . 	yeah , let 's let him buy slaves and bring back segregation if he wants . 
they call each other the n word but why ca n't whites ? more racism . 	you are all kinds of blind are n't you ?  white privilege means being able to be ignorant of white privilege . 
that award seems quite steep for simply having to endure a hostile work environment . 	i would n't expect someone who thinks like you do to understand the point of punitive damages , so instead of trying to explain it , i 'll just downvote you and move on . absolutely pathetic . 
really ? it 's 2015 and company 's are still doing this shit ? 	yeah , people are still doing everything . it 's a world . the world still does shit . 
that award seems quite steep for simply having to endure a hostile work environment . 	its about making a statement that this kind of thing will not be tolerated in 2015 america . 
not as big of one as you man . 	cool comeback , bro 
you know each guy probably got about 2mil right ? 	oh man only 2 million ? 
only children throw words like that around all willy nilly . an adult knows that there 's a time and a place for language like that . 	there is nothing adult or adolescent about making words taboo . do n't try to claim higher ground over this . 
where does the money come from ? 	insurance and corporate assets acquired on as much credit as you can manage . then the whole thing goes tits up . 
poor whites have no advantages over blacks , who are protected against not being hired by the risk of lawsuits . 	i know , i struggle every day being a white straight man . the oppression i face is unbelievable . 
anyone know how many employees were discriminated against here ? 15 mil is a lot for a crime like this . i 'm guessing there had to be tons of workers in a class action suit for this 	it 's literally the first word in the article . you would have found the answer way quicker and would n't have looked so silly if you had just read it . 
that award seems quite steep for simply having to endure a hostile work environment . 	why , what 's the going rate for three years of racism times seven people ? 
instead of admitting their fault , they hide behind corporate pr bullshit . 	to be fair , they ca n't admit fault if they plan to appeal 
lpt : do n't be a racist fuck and never pay out in civil rights cases ! 	holy shit , i tried this one time and it changed my life . 
a little high in the punitive damages , but they certainly had an unacceptable workplace . 	a little high ? lets be real , ridiculously high . 
maybe they 'll give a hint on the last episode of parasyte , much like how the last episode of hxh gave hints for parasyte 	wait , what ? i have n't seen hxh yet , would you mind elaborating on that ? 
bears can climb trees and swim , there is no escape . you have to fight them . 	well you could run down a steep hill they have trouble because of thier front legs are a little shorter so they end up rolling or go down slowly . 
well you could run down a steep hill they have trouble because of thier front legs are a little shorter so they end up rolling or go down slowly . 	i 'm sorry to say that wo n't help you either , that 's actually a myth . you need bear spray or slower friends . 
hmm , this means the steam release is confirmed , and i 'm thinking it will be released the same time the console versions come out . 	i hope so . 
bottled water . 	how the else would you suppose i tell africa to get fucked on the daily ? 
i meant the western world . in africa , sure go for it . 	your missing my tasteless joke about a lack of clean water in third world countries . 
get a pine cone . i gave up smoking by rubbing a pine cone across my chest a few times and then dropping it down my pants . 	hahaa i have no idea what they are talking about but you get an upvote from me . 
most of them are usually free are n't they ? 	they are free , but many people are too lazy to go to their own bank branch or their own bank 's atm to withdraw money and end up paying money to get their own money 
credit unions ! they have an atm network , though you probably need a car to take advantage of them 	there 's one credit union atm on campus , but it 's empty right now . 
your missing my tasteless joke about a lack of clean water in third world countries . 	stop replying to each other , i can only change each comment by one point and it 's getting less popular as the night wears on . 
bottled water . 	some well water tastes disgusting . also if you 're an athlete at some point you need to buy a water bottle and those plastic ones come filled already - great for those of us who are truly lazy . 
i 'm either not getting your story or it 's not really comparable to my scenario since nobody was preventing anyone from ending the game ? 	since he wanted to run up the score on me i extended the game by taking my timeouts and delay of game . 
but we do need boats . 	you should have said water . 
i mean , are there really people who do n't know him ? how old are they ? 10 ? i 'm not even american but i respect the shit out of him . 	yeah , i did n't think he , of all people , would need much of an introduction . 
i never once mentioned a line from that movie . i figure he has to hear that stuff every place he goes . he 's a great guy and totally opposite his onscreen personas . 	he will forever be known as doc brown . 
you guys did n't go out for beers ending up drunk and running lines of suburban commando with you as hulk hogan ? you will regret that on your death bed . 	the mention of that movie brings back childhood nostalgia . i ca n't believe that came out 24 years ago . 
i never once mentioned a line from that movie . i figure he has to hear that stuff every place he goes . he 's a great guy and totally opposite his onscreen personas . 	good man , way to be professional . 
he probably feels stupid enough without the rest of us telling him we think he 's dumb too 	nice . 
well i feel dumb , i thought that was tommy chong . 	i was just thinking that . 
i never once mentioned a line from that movie . i figure he has to hear that stuff every place he goes . he 's a great guy and totally opposite his onscreen personas . 	you guys did n't go out for beers ending up drunk and running lines of suburban commando with you as hulk hogan ? you will regret that on your death bed . 
we were on set for a film . it was my job to set up the situations where his character rebuilt a boat . i then showed him how to use the tools properly and coached him between takes . 	what movie ? it sounds good 
the boat builder ! my friends worked on that . good group of folks . 	we had a lot of fun . it was a great crew . 
there 's that word again , heavy . why are things so heavy in the future ? is something wrong with the earths gravitational pull ?   	oh shit i thought that was a heavy weights reference . 
she did n't get along with the director very well and was on set a very short time . 	hah really ? thats pretty interesting . i could see her being a personality . do you have any other set stories ? 
fuck yeah , straight to the point . plus the lady from malcolm in the middle 	she did n't get along with the director very well and was on set a very short time . 
did he warn you about your kids turning into assholes ? 	what do you mean by this ?  edit : i think it has to do with back to the future huh ? 
the sub will crucify you if you do n't ? if you liked the first , you 'll like the second . they 're pretty similar : the second 's just a bit slower . 	i 'm not sure i agree that if you like the first you 'll like the second . i thought the first was possibly the best fantasy book i 've ever read . the second i thought was just decent . 
that would be a good option if you 're gaming at 1080p . if you wanted to bump up the resolution , i would wait until the 3xx series . 	i 'm pretty content with 1080 at the moment , ill probably move to 4k in a couple years when the displays lower in cost 
ooooh i love japanese music ! 	you should listen to her music then . most of them are very annoying but catchy at the same time . 
error 404 : buddy pilot not found 	i 've got one but he likes single rotors , the fool ! 
all i 'm asking is less people making new threads more people talking on one thread . i 'll disagree with most of em but thats fine . 	and i agree with you there , i 'm about as happy to see a wraith thread as i am to see a wraith pick ! 
what the hell are you rambling on about , boy 	just saw the episode , thought it was awesome there was a lot of stuff going on in jimmy 's head and odenkirk played it brilliantly . 
yeah arizona is the same way . i 'm fairly confident i 'm a catch , i just ca n't seem to locate another one of the opposite sex . 	it does n't help that i 'm averse to clubs and bars , and ca n't find a co - ed book club that is n't full of people at least a decade older than i am . 
this makes me want to never try dating again . 	if it helps , it was only two more guys after halo dick to meet my boyfriend , and he 's pretty fantastic ! think of all the great stories you 'll have to laugh about with your friends . 
my heart is just black . you can only light the thing on fire so many times before it turns to ash . 	do you have a goth bar nearby ? that sounds more your speed . 
he is on fox news though , it 's not like he has ever been held up to any standard of journalistic integrity 	he 's a commentator , not a journalist . 
harmonic and melodic minor scales are typically used .   	would a whole tone scale work ? or would it clash with the root ? 
live streams can be of things other than webcam . 	a live stream is something that has been streamed live to the internet . most of those things were recorded and uploaded . 
there are shelters for battered men . wtf ?  also :  homeless shelters etc . if they 're for both genders , the women pretty much ca n't use them due to rape risk . 	the homeless shelters i 'm aware of , but i have never heard of a shelter just for battered men . and many shelters are for women and children only . 
specific anal lube ? may i ask what brand you use ? i 've used ky , bad dragon cum - lube , and coconut oil . 	of course it was maximus anal lubricant . 
obviously the police do n't have enough powers . 	nice try , government . 
nice idea , do you know the size by hand ? 	the size of the foam tape ? i just got a big roll from a nearby hardware store . i do n't have it right now but i believe it 's about an inch wide . 
what is the color change in the middle of the water ? ice ? trick of the light ? fog ? 	the yellow - white is fog with sunlight reflecting off it ! the fog bank followed the course of the river . 
yes it was , good call 	i only know because i hiked up there a few summers ago . it 's a gorgeous view 
send me a steam offer , i 'll think about it . in class atm 	sry mate thanks for your interest but my friends talked me out of it . gl selling it 
my point was people had seen that song before i saw it that night , so it was n't inherently new .   	okay so there 's the differentiation , ha . we were using two different forms of the term new . 
i wont be purchasing any more ufc events . but i will probably still watch them . 	yup . fuck their business model and how they bleed us .  but yea i 'll be watching . should be a good night of fights 
both sides policies damaged children , it 's time to stop voting for them . 	they do n't have much of a choice . the country is racist and xenophobic . 
both sides policies damaged children , it 's time to stop voting for them . 	the finger needs to be pointed at the focus groups who continually put up their xenophobic ideas as being election deciding . 
im not a fan of thor - i only read now cos of the new thor - but this annual was great . i reallly liked the old thor and his world around him . i would love more of that 	if you want more of old thor read thor : god of thunder . 
what kind of code ? 	i meant diancie , but others might work : p 
it 's les . did you even click the link ? 	ahahaha . i did n't read the text under the picture . well that changes everything , lol . 
i 'm sure your friendly landlord would be willing to just absorb that tax increase and not pass it along to you , then . 	lol , if you really want to know i think the city could pay for better snow removal pretty easily if it were n't run by morons . 
yeah i 'm playing out of a tv 	what card are you using ? do you still have playback problems if you turn off playback through the card ? premiere and certain cards have issues working together . 
sounds like your system just does n't have enough muscle to push your video around . have you tried rendering before playing ? 	yeah i have tried and it does n't change anything . its a brand new 8 core system , i 've only had the computer for less than a month .   
well , he sure is watching .  without doing shit , but boy does he watch .  watching the world on fire .  watches the world burn . 	some men . 
you demand people to be unhappy because you want new music , a pretend happy friendship . tell me how thats fair . grow up a bit then judge again brother . 	idk where youre getting that from but if you really got a problem then dont reply , like an adult . or continuing to bitch , i dont really care 
whatever you say man . its ok to strive to make things better and demand the best out of people , but if you dont want to reach for the stars then so be it 	you demand people to be unhappy because you want new music , a pretend happy friendship . tell me how thats fair . grow up a bit then judge again brother . 
it 's called being an adult . 	whatever you say man . its ok to strive to make things better and demand the best out of people , but if you dont want to reach for the stars then so be it 
i think it 's scientifically proven that 's guys with dreads just play harder 	i do n't respond to nobody that has dreadlocks and plays basketball . 
obviously fans and management should be thinking about the future and draft implications , but you ca n't hate on a player who just wants to win . 	celtics fans are pretty pumped for the playoffs in general , there are a few pro - tankers in the fanbase , but the majority wants to see the team play in the post - season . 
i did n't realize marquis daniels was still in the league , good on him for playing hard out there . 	i thought larry fitzgerald played in the nfl ? 
i agree , demarre carroll seems like a cool guy 	i did n't realize marquis daniels was still in the league , good on him for playing hard out there . 
i would n't mind a keyboard android to be honest . they do n't exist at the moment . 	the classic is the closest thing to that that actually exists and is partly why i bought mine . 
i have a tiny coffee maker and my mug is that exact size too . my coffee maker makes just enough for one mug . it 's perfect . 	oh that sounds perfect ! i want a one cup coffee maker but i never drink only one cup ! lol 
excuse me while i make a mad dash to ross . these are adorable 	run ! i should go get an extra set in case i break them lmao knock on wood ! 
for a goaltender who is n't named carey price to be named first star after the month price had is a hell of a feat , really . major congrats to dub and the wild . 	price get his dick sucked enough by the league . give someone else a turn . 
norway man , u ? 	haha , no way dude ! i 'm gold 3 and norwegian aswell , lol what are the chances ? 
you 're missed , you gorgeous bastard . 	his little brother is pretty fucking awsome so we 'll manage . 
if osrs characters had eyes then they 'd be in tears of pain . 	you accidentally a word there , pal 
you accidentally a word there , pal 	i 'm not your pal , friend 
if osrs characters had eyes then they 'd be in tears of pain . 	was going to say they do have eyes but then i realized it 's just two holes in their face . 
he 's not your friend , guy ! 	he 's not your guy , buddy ! 
he 's not your guy , buddy ! 	he 's not your buddy , pal ! 
half asian guy , i think . 	half asian , full redpill . 
an apu is a gpu on a chip just low powered compared to a dedicated one , once you install your new gpu and run the displays off it no the apu will not affect performance . 	is n't an apu also a low powered cpu , do n't you think poor cpu performance can bottleneck the gpu ? or are modern apu 's not that bad ? 
is this legit ? did he really lose his memory ? 	the memory loss seems to be true , there are better articles regarding this topic elsewhere in the sub . 
record store day is supposed to release its full list of releases on the 10th , so this may be them announcing a special record store day repress . 	last time they did something like this they released a box set of their records so i would n't be surprised if this is the case 
exactly , george is also working on a dead tired record 	i think the record is done , tbh . they do have a few upcoming tour dates , though . and jordan hastings is commited to a band called say yes . 
if i had to hazard a guess , i 'd guess it 's a video release of their last show in hamilton . 	that , or the farewell tour dvd they promised 
that seems extremely risky . like you 'd have to perfectly balance the cup every time or it 'd ruin everything . 	right ? i do n't even put liquids on my desk . making a drink balance on something like that would make me have a heart attack . 
intel stock coolers are great for all their cpus except if you oc . unless you have a - k processor , there 's really no point in buying an aftermarket cooler . 	how about if you live in really hot climate ?  but i 'm running stock fx - 8320 on low - end water cooler , what do i know ? 
how about if you live in really hot climate ?  but i 'm running stock fx - 8320 on low - end water cooler , what do i know ? 	the context was intel stock coolers . amd stock coolers are terrible and sound like a turbine engine . no case blocks that .  i live in a very hot climate too . 
til stock coolers still suck and you should never use them . 	intel stock coolers are great for all their cpus except if you oc . unless you have a - k processor , there 's really no point in buying an aftermarket cooler . 
thanks for the info !  every time i read that a human service pro on reddit is from ny i wonder if we 've ever worked together or coordinated services lol . 	it really is a small world . 
that little jump at the end . lol , you were just like , well shit , im fucked . 	lmao . i kept jumping so the ogres would shoot over the thing , and it 'd let me pop out for shots before they adjusted their aim again . but i think it made me look like a fish asking for a hook 
i 've had the totem go off a few times hiding there , for whatever reason . assuming you mean up on the hill thingy 	yeah just go back and stand next to the totem for a bit it just means that the game thinks nobody is on the other side . 
the holiday inn , is pretty much still the same no ? i have n't been to beirut in years . 	i do n't know . i went back 4 year ago but a lot of it is rebuilt . i would n't know what is where anymore . 
did anyone care enough about him enough in the slightest to say anything about him ? i get the feeling he is reacting to mental phantoms . 	i honestly would half feel bad for him if he did n't do this shit all the damn time . 
is it too late for me to ask what gamergate is ? 	yes . stay ignorant . 
if you 're a humorless nerd then yeah it does n't sound like a joke 	cool story bro . 
yeah , but most cities in the us the metro stops running an hour before last call , it 's just that last call is t like 4 , not 2 	fair enough haha , i suppose i would n't mind the t shutting down early if i had an extra 2 hours of bar time . 
but in those places , bus service replaces the subway after the subway closes . 	some , i guess . off the top of my head i can think of tokyo as one that definitely does n't . in fact they recently killed off some of their own experimental late - night bus service . 
how did you learn sql ? i bought a book on it and started reading , but my job does n't use sql . i have no way to get experience . 	i was trained by a coworker initially , and i ended up learning on the job . with this being the case , i 'm not sure what the best way to learn for someone new to it .  google is your friend . 
this is n't a strange problem , indeed quite the opposite it 's an issue one should expect from this setup . 	is that because gpu 's have problems spitting out two different refresh rates or just because theres more than one display ?  kinda sucks that it still happens with newer hardware . 
it was a good game i 'll be back to snag another lower tag . great game man . 	 thanks bro . was awesome to meet you and play a round today . 
should be getting my tag soon , as well as a buddy . we 'd be happy to meet up at beaver on the 18th . 	right on , i 'll post a more definitive time and meeting spot once we get a little closer to the date . ca n't wait ! 
dude , please do your history . weirdo 	do my history ? have you not heard of the american revolution ? 
she was a real freak man , but not that much of a freak 	your brother seems a bit freaky too , as his girlfriend was a him . 
they really need to put an npc in the game that will allow you to change the appearance options of your character . 	there is one in the code i believe , just not in the beta . 
my neighbor and i play . we could hook up sometime . 	cool man . weekdays we 're usually around from 11pm onwards and weekends , well who knows but fairly available 
as a non - icelandic person , why is this big news ? what does the pirate party stand for and what goals do they hope to achieve ? 	eye patches , peg legs , and personal parrots for everyone . anyone who has a problem with this will be forced to walk the plank . 
go cry some more liberal . as it turns out , stealing is wrong . fuck off . 	as it turns out , stealing and copying are related but not completely the same thing . i am sure you know this but do n't want to know it . i ca n't say i am a huge fan . 
well , america had a base here , we did n't like it , and they left ! 	if your courts did n't punish your own people for trading copyrighted united statues music and movies , hurting their own businesses profit margin , would america invade your country ? 
holy shit , you have to handle a certain amount of money to even be considered eligible to have your say in politics ? that 's some fucked up shit . 	the hoops parties have to go through to be considered a political party or to get on the ballot paper even if you are a party is insane in some us states . 
you 're showing me facts implying that said argument is somehow true or based in anything other than racism , which it is n't . spare me your facts . 	i agree . facts are racist . diversity makes it easy for people to agree . war is peace . freedom is slavery . ignorance is strength . 
so all jokes aside what is the pirate party and what are it 's goals for the country ? 	mandatory eye patches and shoulder parrots . 
net neutrality is very important , and that 's what the pirate parties are for . i 'm not seeing a problem here . 	i think reddit does n't care about that aspect of the party as much as they do about the prospect of piracy being legalized 
i think reddit does n't care about that aspect of the party as much as they do about the prospect of piracy being legalized 	if that 's the case , i disagree with reddit . piracy should n't be legal , but that does n't mean we should let the mpaa and their equivalents around the world push for a restricted internet . 
iceland seems to be full of intelligent people . 	or , there 's like 300k of them , so tons of weird shit can happen when you take percentages . 
i was so confused for several minutes as i read it as an actual party , like some kind of massive pirate rave . i did 't expect anything less from iceland . 	you are apparently like the fifth person to do so ! : d 
i hope they get in . then we 'll see what happens when a group of idealistic amateurs govern a country . 	idealism is the philosophical basis for every capitalist government that has existed . 
no apologies needed , you are doing good work . i hope to see the pirates invade the states en masse but strongly doubt it will ever happen . but thanks anyways .  edit : stuff 	remember , vote vermin supreme for free ponies . 
i like to think that is true , and a valid goal for a governmental system . 	do you know what the similarities and differences the icelandic government has with the us system of government ? 
well maybe i do n't want to pay that dime 	well then no abortion for you ! go find a horse then . some of us earn our abortions . 
aye ? 	what is your view on the rise and fall of the german pirate party ? 
personally , i think our current system is obsolete .  we have the resources , manpower and production to provide everyone with basic shelter and nutrition . 	and people have the ability to exhibit personal responsibility and take care of themselves . 
iceland seems to be full of intelligent people . 	they also killed all the bankers and have free and open credit unions . 
these policies are great ! i want to move to iceland but i do n't get along with the cold 	where do you live ? there are pirate parties in many countries . 
eye patches , peg legs , and personal parrots for everyone . anyone who has a problem with this will be forced to walk the plank . 	what about wooden arms , legs , eyes , and a pineapple on your shoulder ? 
um if america has a will , america has a way 	no way dude , us - iceland relations are too strong . nato allies and the us were the first country to recognize iceland 's independence ! 
or just raping and pillaging . 	a pet peeve of mine , but the word rape in rape and pillage means to steal .  so instead of raping people and destroying they are stealing and destroying . 
and people have the ability to exhibit personal responsibility and take care of themselves . 	that only works in a world without elderly and physically and mentally deficient people . 
aye ? 	fucking legend .  thanks for the pirate party . 
personally , i think our current system is obsolete .  we have the resources , manpower and production to provide everyone with basic shelter and nutrition . 	give em a fish , they eat one day ,  teach em to fish , they eat everyday . 
iceland seems to be full of intelligent people . 	i suppose . but it really has a lot to do with how small it is . the people their can coordinate political action and consensus building so much more easily than a large country . 
would you rather not have companies develop drugs , a process that can cost billions ? 	if they do it 'only 'to milk a monopoly , then yes . you can make money without a monopoly . 
i 'm headed to iceland for a week at the end of april ! any recommendations for things i should check out or do ? 	yes , party with me ! 
the biggest divide you 'll find in america is urban vs rural . 	or black and white . people on reddit do n't want to admit it , but the day to day lives of whites and blacks could n't be more different . it 's like two americas . 
would you rather not have companies develop drugs , a process that can cost billions ? 	yeah , because all the budget i 'm sure goes to legitimate research and not fucking lobbyists and scummy - ass goddamn advertising . fuck you . 
that 's still no excuse for us : p the english translation was probably done in a hurry .  back then we had so much going on at the same time 	is there a pirate party in the united states ? 
how many of those 12 are serious contenders for winning an election for prime minister ? 	two , but i feel like you 've moved the goalposts a bit . a party does n't need to have their leader as prime minister to become part of government . 
no doubt that is true , and nobody is going to the hospital over this because it 's just a tiny little error . 	i 'm currently redditing to you with a straw in my mouth from my hospital bed in a full body cast because of this error , thank you very much . 
if there were pirate party politicians in my area of canada , i 'd vote for them .  hell if there was any party that did n't just lie about everything i 'd vote for them . 	none of the parties in canada seem outright evil enough for you to completely hate them , but it 's basically voting for the lesser of the evils . 
i think if you feel like all of that can be taught in a day , not only was your sex education severely lacking , but even now you still do n't have very much information on these topics . 	because school sex ed class is the only place in the world where an individual can get information about these things ? 
because school sex ed class is the only place in the world where an individual can get information about these things ? 	school is n't the only place in the world that we can go to get information on math , but that does n't stop us from trying to teach math properly . 
iceland seems to be full of intelligent people . 	people who agree with me r smart , bc i am smart 
give em a fish , they eat one day ,  teach em to fish , they eat everyday . 	the nearest body of water near me with fish in it is my neighbors koi pond , i do not think he would appreciate it if i started fishing : p 
i love iceland . 	its a beautiful country ! 
i 'm not sure those are really comparable , but i do n't care if you wear shoes to play soccer . it 's not my toes .   	so you do n't care if somebody wears a helmet because it 's not your head ? 
the teams are spot - on . they got mercedes , toro rosso and williams drivers swapped , and that 's it . 	huh , guess that 's right . i did n't catch that as i 'm more of a driver oriented fan , the colour of the car does n't bother me too much . 
1 . how did you find out about unit 103 ?  2 . what in your opinion is the best way to find these condos ? i checked on craigslist , but it 's a mess . 	i own a unit and also i 'm on the hoa . checkout local rental websites or you could find an agency that would put you in connect with the homeowner . 
ok , it 's a 2 - unit , are you buying both units or just one ? 	both units . will use the second as rental income , but we do n't need the income to qualify for the loan from a ratios perspective . 
cheese . humanity best beware if we ever lose cheese . coffee or tea drink wise . 	oh man , i could n't live without tea . 
i love steamboat ! the slopes are great , and the people are always really nice . 	agreed , i had an awesome time 
somehow it 's making sense in my head and that scares me . 	mob wife that does n't know about the family business and the don that will do anything to keep her innocent and as happy as a queen ?  beautiful if you ask me . 
this room is for boning , and boning only . 	i really hope that white bulb coming out of the wall is the head of a gigantic hitachi . 
seriously , that gigantic sphere taking up half the room is terrible 	the only way this sphere makes any sense is if the next room over is a home theater and this is the sub enclosure . then i 'd be ok with it . 
what about cheetahs ? are n't there like 50 worldwide in the wild that are basically all twins or something 	sort of , the cheetah population is closer to 9 - 12 thousand animals in the wild . there is almost no genetic diversity due to a bottleneck in the population about 10 , 000 years ago . 
sort of , the cheetah population is closer to 9 - 12 thousand animals in the wild . there is almost no genetic diversity due to a bottleneck in the population about 10 , 000 years ago . 	ah , i had underestimated then . so have they essentially moved past the dangers of inbreeding , or did i misunderstand ? 
first socks and then shoes . 	i tried doing one sock then the shoe , and it 's a little faster since you 're already dealing with that foot . 
i tried doing one sock then the shoe , and it 's a little faster since you 're already dealing with that foot . 	just dont try to put on the socks after the shoes . doesnt work as well . 
it 's a hit marker machine ! though , i 've only got the base model and the one you unlock for getting x amount of kills . 	the marksman variant is glitched and is always a 5 shot kill , do n't bother with it . if you get either of the elites or the impact use those 
if any gun needs a buff , it 's the imr . it 's a disgrace to the assault rifle class . 	the impact variant improves this weapon dramatically . one - burst kill at any range . 
the marksman variant is glitched and is always a 5 shot kill , do n't bother with it . if you get either of the elites or the impact use those 	i 've been using the impact with great success and finally snagged a boar strike but the negative accuracy really hurts it 's performance . 
are you kidding ? the imr is a really good gun 	it 's a hit marker machine ! though , i 've only got the base model and the one you unlock for getting x amount of kills . 
cod is not an rpg . doing this would make it one . supply drops was a step in the wrong direction to begin with . hopefully treyarch do n't mess up as majorly . 	i think treyarch should know how bad supply drops are . after all , they were one of the two companies that started cod . 
if activision begins making more decisions on their own , they will become the next ea . holy shit . that is becoming more and more of a reality . 	yeah , that 's what i 'm concerned about . 
as a big prison break fan , i 'm ecstatic about the fact that these guys got some pretty major roles in the flash . they 're awesome together . 	and they will both be regulars on the spin - off show ! 
agreed . i matched much lower on my list than expected , and was very dissapointed . after all was said and done , this is where i should have gone , and i 'm happy with it . 	congratulations , both on the match and the maturity to find the silver lining .  you 'll do just fine ! 
i bet lvg just fucked over his own players reffing that practice game . rooney looking at someone ? straight red . 	jones making a more odd than usual face ? off ! 
maybe charles has a 6th scene and went into the pll world to help rescue a loved one ? 	not really my idea . i stole it from a movie . 
how do these people even function ? 	maybe they 've got scientists working on a real life block bot , that follows them around , shielding them from seeing anything they do n't like . 
message me when the allergy test is available . i would love to get paid to get data about myself 	just message me your name , number and date of birth . i will put you on the list . it could be a while before it gets started . 
yes , and that 's a neutral site . not a road game .  also , it 's providence . not exactly the greatest city . i 'd rather be in puerto rico . 	columbus was n't a home game 
edit : just made room ! i 'm free to grab him now . 	okay great ! i 've added you and my gates are open now . 
nope , i pick bets when i think they actually have a chance . mostly saturdays and most sundays . 	that 's fine just wondered . 
that 's the exact sound i wonder did the sound designer sample that cat .   	i thought the same thing when i heard it . they probably did sample a big cat purr . 
so is this the last patch before heavensward ? seems kinda odd that we would go almost 3 months without any updates at all . but i have n't heard anything about any more patches beyond 2 . 55 	man are we spoiled that 3 months is such a huge time between content patches . 
maybe i can finally get one for my yard . 	you mean you do n't still have your christmas tree up ? 
all trees now have fall foliage . 	maybe i can finally get one for my yard . 
but major patches are 3 months apart in the first place . i do n't see the problem . 	i never said there was a problem . but they still put out monthly small updates . also 2 . 55 is n't a major patch , 2 . 5 was . 
wow he is larger than the turn 13 boss : o 	mini - bahamut is still badass though . 
video does n't show how it 's done . i know this , because i do n't know how it 's done . 	yes , but you show that it is possible and now every idiot interested in that knows what to type into google . 
if a person is seeking a way to cheat , they will find it either way . they do n't need my help . 	holy shit . ok . no cheater got aware of this glitch just because of this video . sorry . bye . 
yeah , suburbs is a glitchy map . i once had a match where our team were being shot at while not even being in sight . 	that 's the very same glitch . guy in the video can see and shoot all . 
happy . a cute cat with trolling capabilities , what 's not to love ? 	i have one ! it 's hanging over my bed . 
i have one ! it 's hanging over my bed . 	i just bought a happy plush from my last con . 
rare poisons . then pose the bodies in famous painting poses . 	i 'm reminded of that scene from bioshock where the bodies are arranged after they 're killed 
let 's agree to agree that you are wrong . 	it 's not opinion , its literally his words . 
i miss gretzky . there hasnt been anyone like him since . 	true . that being said , it 's not the goal - running 80s anymore 
sweep the leg johnny ! 	strike first , strike hard , no mercy , sir ! 
nope . you 'll need to qualify for the mortgage on your savings and annual income alone . 	sweet , thanks for your actual answer . 
while i get your point , banks loan money to landlords all the time . perhaps the capital requirements are different by degree , but in broad strokes , that 's what is going on here . 	he is n't a landlord . 
i know rite . that 's why i decided not to bulk to 170 like i had put down in the quarter challenge . 	yeah idk i only want to water cut like 4 - 5 lbs . i guess we will see . 
goddam i always forget how fucking strong you are . 	never mind mate , i forget what day of the week it is half the time : s 
you can join my all - american pl fed ? the three lift is squat , deadlift and a pie eating contest . 	wrong order . the pie eating should be first . then you make the contestants squat and deadlift right after . 
uh theres a half dead fat guy eating a dead fat guy , are we just gonna look the other way on this ? 	why not join in ? free food . 
bought all parts separately . they installed the cpu and ram to the mobo but other than that i did the rest myself . 	definitely take the computer in and tell them the graphics card does n't work . 
i check this sub several times a day and to my surprise this topic is rarely discussed . 	well yeah , it does n't change with the week . 
i thought adding neymar and suarez would make our offense less efficient because they might take away messi 's scoring chances . i am wrong , messi only took away our midfield 's assists . 	lucho has basically made the midfield a transition point instead of the main force behind the attack . it 's actually effective when it works . 
suarez yeah . sergio is not far behind but staying fit is not something he 's been great at 	also , ya know , consistency is a big thing 
it 's a mockery done in jest . 	you mean a joke ? 
when you choose to help and you get the good result . 	that 's what clone bays are for , no risk of lost crew and the chance of a win 
that would work except i 'm not one of those guys either . continue with your condescending self important posts 	i feel sorry for your mutha . 
well , i was just counting that he died , not that it was in combat .  but i guess we can just say 0 because he did get shot in the face and live . 	he got shot in the face with an explosive round specifically . 
correction : 505 : 0 . he did n't die in combat , he died of natural causes at age 96 . 	well , i was just counting that he died , not that it was in combat .  but i guess we can just say 0 because he did get shot in the face and live . 
all with a bolt action rifle . supposedly he killed another 200 with a sub machine gun . 	without a scope even . 
if you did n't know they remade runescape 2007 servers and you can play again . 	any idea if they will be dropping old school items like party hats and other holiday items ? that would make things really interesting . 
they look nitrogen deficient , it 's a mobile nutrient so they take it from the bottom leaves first . what are you feeding them ? 	i second the nitrogen deficiency . i bought straight nitrogen when my plants looked like this and they bounced back within a week . 
law student you say . good luck mate . how long have you get left ? 	i have 2 years left , it 's a 3 - year uk undergrad . not gonna become a lawyer though , i 'm just doing it cos it 's interesting . 
9k a year , but luckily uk degrees are only 3 years 	yeah same here in australia .  good luck with the rest of your studies man . 
oh cool . they just charged my account yesterday , they did n't send . they did that for bloodborne too , the dicks ! hopefully they send it today . 	haha , i live next door to them , maybe the ship local stuff first ? not sure really . if i get it tonight i 'll stick a thread up later in case people have questions 
only one or two more days for pc players , depending on their region . 	i hate to be that guy but i had it yesterday : p honestly a great game . the wait is so worth it . 
best in the world in his prime . most elegant player i 've ever seen . fast , clever , technical . 	i 've only seen a handful of players capable of making it look like the opposing team moved in slow motion , and kaka is one of them . 
can you provide some tips on how you 're working on your anxiety ? 	i try to meet new people and to talk a lot , even if it 's way out of my comfort zone . last year for example : i went alone to a festival and just tried to have a good time meeting new people . 
hopefully they do n't gouge you on the price of kbs as well . 	did n't even look for it this year . got a bottle last year at the proper price and a few days later saw a place selling it for double that . just laughed and walked out . 
i called them to ask , and they denied having it . 	i was just told they 're getting it tomorrow . the plan is 9 . 99 each . 1 per person . 
heard of one place selling it where you had to buy a four pack of breakfast stout also to get it . 	hopefully they do n't gouge you on the price of kbs as well . 
because then it would not take up any space in inventory to use . pkers might actually use it , not to mention others . 	but instead this way you get to keep your ring slot open , so it 's not too bad if you think about it . 
i 'm not ashamed that i fell for it . just ashamed i did n't think of it myself . he apparently planned it out 2 weeks ago . 	well , there 's always next year . better one up him then . 
honestly it 's cos it 's not souls . all you did is hide in heavy armor and shields . here a monster will rape you till you get better with that mob type . 	if you read some other posts i never used a shield or armor i literally played dark souls 2 the exact way this game is played . 
would n't be that simple . all of the file structures have been obliterated . 	all files from his home directory , if i 'm reading it properly . 
actually its easier to kill the caravan rajang . for me at least . 	does that give g rank parts though ? also , im terrible with rajang , so its good to have help from my rather more capable friend . 
oh boy , i thought everyone forgot about this song . glad people still appreciate it ! 	it came up in a discussion with my sister yesterday . odd timing . 
i agree with this guy and do n't like this post . 	yeah this is ridiculous . it 's not like we play for the team .  also the islanders have 98 points , there might not be an x beside their name but it 's guaranteed as long as they win 1 of 3 . 
good thing egypt is n't jewish , otherwise it would be a war crime to respond . 	actually if israel was setting off suicide bombs in egypt i 'd imagine the response would also be quick . 
or just a tight shirt . i weigh 120 and look fat in a tight shirt . 	hit the gym , delete facebook , contact lawyer . 
joe goes has an unhealthy amount of belly fat . 	he knows . i think at the body building expo he was asking people if they wanted to see his six pack and lifting up his shirt while pushing out his belly even farther . 
one of my favorite youtubers , too bad he does n't have more subs though . 	i have watched some of his stuff some i like some i did n't . i think his best is the one where he went to the gathering of the juggalos and won the rap contest . 
she 's definitely hot enough to be a model ! combined with her character 's knowledge of pc 's she 's one attractive woman 	this is the exact reason why she 's on my desktop xd 
what is that cable between his desk and the ceiling ? 	this seemed to be the least expensive way to power ceiling lamps at the time . i rarely see wiring installed through the wall . 
well , they could make the non - dlc users at least drive on the dlc servers , but money talks 	letting non - dlc users drive on the dlc servers would be like free advertising though ! its a win - win ! 
i get the feeling a lot of folks on this sub are single guys . 	you can tell i am very bad at being a woman . 
i just prepped breakfast burritos with egg , shredded cheddar and chopped summer sausage . and then had one for lunch . sooo full . 	do you warm these up or eat them cold ? 
do you warm these up or eat them cold ? 	i like mine warm . i put them in a sandwich bag and microwave for 40 seconds . 
breathing . on the bright side , the chaos would n't last very long . 	nah , everyone would just be a runaway criminal .  kinda like all my first dates . 
we can thank the wind for that one . and we can thank the wind for keeping pillar 's and eddie 's deep fly balls in the park . 	ya i could n't believe it when ee 's hit made it only to like 30 feet short of the warning track , looked like an easy double off the wall at worst off the bat . 
i hate me too . i 'll watch every game in its entirety from now on , k ? date night be damned . 	just make it part of date night . your attention must be on the game though . 
i agree , i 'm a fairly negative person when it comes to the jays , but i ca n't help but shrug that one off .  that bloop double really pissed me off more than anything . 	yeah that sucked , it happened to the jays a couple times . it looked miserable out there on the field too . 
cc has been awful for 2 seasons now , i 'd be far more eager to see him than pineda or tanaka . 	yup , i 'm not expecting anything out of him this season . do n't even think he will go six innings in his first start . 
is it a mission rule to end every sentence with an exclamation point ! my nephew seriously does this ! 	if the missionary does n't use a ton of exclamation points , family back home starts worrying that he 's depressed . i guess missionaries are supposed to be eternally chipper . 
is it a mission rule to end every sentence with an exclamation point ! my nephew seriously does this ! 	i did it too ! a lot of us did ! enthusiasm ! 
only in crew sessions really , we had about 10 dudes just flying around it was fun 	crew sessions for sure . no one has time to host though . stupid jobs and school . 
invoker is god awful in this meta . 	yeah he is . tried to make him work . he does n't . 
i play 4 . 5k us and i do n't think i 've seen him in a few months . 	just played two games today he was played in both lol . i do play a lot of cm so maybe that has something do with it ? 
little of column a . little of column b .  these heroes are too strong , but you can still win against a less - skilled troll if your team and yourself genuinely outplay them . 	try to do that with teammates literally 1k mmr or more below you and the enemy team actively focusing you .  pubs of a pro player . 
what arbitrary rules am i setting ? i am playing to improve , not playing to win . getting better at dota is different from raising your mmr . 	you are not maximizing your practice by picking worse heroes . it does n't matter if you play blindfolded , because that 's not the game being played . 
holy shit at 40 minutes a game that 's 30 hours a week of dota . is this shit your fucking job ? 	nah i just dont have any social life and after work beside doing something in home like cleaning etc . im only playing dota . 
i never saw him , nor played him when he was op . and i 'm a 3 . 5k player , pretty much where all of the people that watch pro dota are . 	yeah he was never super popular at our level . i played him quite a bit before he got nerfed but never really went up against too many of them . 
lmao i did the opposite i caved in to learn earth spirit , just lost 6 games in a row kappa 	i was thinking about picking him up . did you find any good resources , or just playing by ear ? 
i puked a little bit .  jk i was a filthy terrorblade picker , got nearly 1000 mmr off him by the time he got nerfed to shit . 	did ur mmr drop afterward ? 
if your favorite hero is hard countered by a hero , it can be really hard to win .  for example , if you really like playing phoenix , the constant troll picks will really hurt . 	and what should this tell ?  i think its obvious you can not play your fav heroes every single match , because many heroes have hard counters . 
i was thinking about picking him up . did you find any good resources , or just playing by ear ? 	do n't try to face a certain direct when trying to land his rock stun . just stand by the rock and click where you want it to go . 
i would n't even consider spamming him below 5k . he needs a team that goes for objectives while he single - handedly destroys the enemy team . 	i ca n't play earth ever since the change to his boulder smash . 
just played two games today he was played in both lol . i do play a lot of cm so maybe that has something do with it ? 	could be , i feel like he has been played a lot less after ppd called him the worst hero together with viper right now . 
psa : most fotm troll pickers will get shat on if you pick pa . 	troll just needs mkb to turn that game completely around . 
picking heroes you enjoy vs heroes that are op means you deserve to lose . having fun apparently makes you bad at dota .  just making sure i understood this viewpoint . 	if the goal of dota is to win , then yes .   
if you 're a 5k player and play just one hero to get to 6k , then start playing other hero 's and go back down to 5k , would you say you 've gotten better at the game ? 	a player who knows to pick the best heroes is better than the one who does n't because the former is playing to win . 
lmao i did the opposite i caved in to learn earth spirit , just lost 6 games in a row kappa 	you just have to know when he 's really strong . usually it 's at level 3 when you have 1 - 1 - 1 , and at level 6 when you get your ult and you have 1 - 1 - 4 - 1 skill build . 
nah i just dont have any social life and after work beside doing something in home like cleaning etc . im only playing dota . 	just because you play dota does n't mean you do n't have to not have a social life . 
i was thinking about picking him up . did you find any good resources , or just playing by ear ? 	hey man if you want i can show you some stuff . i 'm still learning myself but i have about 100 games and all the combos and knowledge under my belt 
yeah , and then zeus denies jesus for his careless actions and floods the earth with buttons . 	and noah does n't let any button pressers on his ark haha , silly noah 
i love how both the button and twitch plays pokemon have shown just how much humans turn to religion . they do make compelling stories . 	tpp was so goddamn interesting . kinda nice how a bunch of strangers were able to work together to complete a task . 
they make the schedule tomorrow depending on the teams playing against each other . my best guess is that they will start wednesday . 	do you think they could play thursday ? 
there 's no need for hypotheticals . we do live in a world where it 's an absolute fact that there 's no afterlife and people elect to ignore it . 	the only fact is that only the dead know what happens after death . pretending it is possible to know one way or another while alive is to be arrogant . 
there 's no need for hypotheticals . we do live in a world where it 's an absolute fact that there 's no afterlife and people elect to ignore it . 	boom ! truth smack ! 
idk if its redeemable or not . if it is , considering that it has the most value amongst all the chest content wise , it will drop and may not recover 	both chests are redeemable since a long time ago . 
i thought you did n't make specific suggestions as to what products to buy , only review and rank them ? sort of like consumer reports ? 	to be fair , if the guy is looking for something this close to mass storage and a premium way to display them , there are not a ton of products on the market , let alone high quality products . 
that just leads me to believe he had prior knowledge of the events going to happen , not that he was acting . 	thats what i mean by acting , his story was an act , and his actions and facial expressions were theatrical . 
did n't fall asleep at work 	mine was that i went to sleep and did n't get caught . 
if that happens , i 'll be really pissed .  i know it 's not going to happen , but i 'll lose my temper if they even suggest it . 	do n't you worry . we all know the goddess of drag and femininity nicole paige brooks from atlanta georgia is the one who 's coming back to win season 7 . 
how are you going to get into buddhist heaven now ? 	you do n't have to be a buddhist to be enlightened . nirvana is n't supposed to be a religiously exclusive place . 
it 's just paper and water , whatever 	yeah , do n't sweat it op . as long as you can handle the boredom for an hour every sunday until you can marry your gf and move 2 , 000 miles away then it means nothing . 
on the bright side , she owes him a lot of sex . 	spot on ! 
this sends op to moon . 	oh i 've been to the moon , during like the first month of smoking my friend packed me a huge gb and i was fried 
or just pack your vape full of kief if you 've got enough . 	this sends op to moon . 
men have eyes , lips and hair too 	but less hair on their head typically and lips that are n't as full . i 'm curious : how do you define physical beauty ? 
but less hair on their head typically and lips that are n't as full . i 'm curious : how do you define physical beauty ? 	hair is hair you can grow it as long as you want it does n't count . and the same amount of men have full lips as women 
hair is hair you can grow it as long as you want it does n't count . and the same amount of men have full lips as women 	i think haircuts make an enormous difference in physical attractiveness . i 'm curious what you find women inherently lacking . a lot of women look very good without makeup . 
do you have a proxy set up on windows ? 	i think so . this is on my work laptop , we are using today as a skill building day now that we are done with a large project . thats why i want to utilize today to learn some python ! 
is this a bar on 6th st in austin ? 	not sure if its austin but this is n't thong man . thong man has a particular habit of always stopping right near me on the hike n bike trail . 
is this a bar on 6th st in austin ? 	i was thinking it looked like the outside area at red 7 . 
if being nervous is a sign of wanting to fuck someone then i want to fuck everyone i talk to . 	naw this is not about fucking , but its clear tell their conversation is not two straight dudes casually hanging out in a regular bar . 
as a little side bit of sga : forcing yourself to use guns with small magazines does , over time , help you learn to land better shots . 	but using 4th horseman satisfies my need to cut things in half . 
pink is for blood ! 	it 's not pink it 's light red 
man , i really want a power - thirst after reading this . 	lightning ! real lightning ! 
the eye sight is weak with this one . 	were you originally being sarcastic ? i did n't get that but that would be more of a problem with my reading comprehension .  my eyes are shit though so here 's an upvote . 
welcome to reddit , where no one believes cats are animals and have a natural right to be outside . 	cat only exist to provide cute 5 second gifs of themselves trying to bite their own tail and falling off the couch in the process . 
right , they 're animals , they come from the outdoors , they should be let outside to roam and do what cats do . 	which leads them to have a shorter life than indoor cats . my cats are happy and healthy indoors , and indoors they shall stay . 
city neighborhood , lots of cats being hit by cars and a feral cat population with a dominant male who tends to try to kill any other cats who venture out . 	you could take him out on a lead so that he does n't run off and is always supervised . i do that with my indoor cat in my garden because he does n't have much road sense 
keeping cats indoors is awful , they 're outdoor creatures . if you 're going to have a cat , let it go outside . 	too many dogs and cars around my apartment for my cats to go out . plus i 'm pretty sure the younger one would just run off and never come back . 
what 's with people trying to poison animals ? when my so was younger , some people poisoned his pet rabbit , too . 	i do n't know ! but i have several friends with pets its happened to . 
i am actually in western canada , where the winters can get quite cold , so it is quite natural for domestic cats to stay indoors a lot of the time . 	you know , i always thought coyotes were a southern usa thing . shows how much i know haha . i guess extremes of weather are another difference . we do n't really get extremes in the uk either . 
used to have a random stray which showed up occasionally , named it dorito . i think we have a thing going here . 	the next one ? taco bell ! 
downvoting this . cats should be able to go outside . 	yes , i should let the feral tom kill him like he 's killed other pet cats around here . or , left him in the shelter to be euthanized , yeah . no . 
that 's part of how eco systems work .  edit : okay , okay , i get it . i do n't understand eco systems . sorry . 	you 're using ecology and biology terms but you do not understand them . 
is that all of the outside that your cats get to experience ? that is rather sad . 	the local tom cat who would kill them would be far more sad . 
you could take him out on a lead so that he does n't run off and is always supervised . i do that with my indoor cat in my garden because he does n't have much road sense 	i walk my cats with a harness and they love it , outside time and safe ! 
there is one working on it - as a matter of fact , one that we trapped and had spayed we ended up keeping . it 's a great program ! 	that is so awesome ! : 3 
cat only exist to provide cute 5 second gifs of themselves trying to bite their own tail and falling off the couch in the process . 	ca n't take all these pictures for sweet karma if the things are outside living ! 
they 're also extremely destructive to the environment , killing birds and other prey . 	that 's part of how eco systems work .  edit : okay , okay , i get it . i do n't understand eco systems . sorry . 
i do n't think your cat would appreciate being compared to a dog . 	nah , he loves dogs . he 's got a beagle sister . 
looks like a great life ! 	it 's not ideal . i know they would like to go outside but it 's just not safe around here for outdoor cats . 
i do the best i can in a neighborhood where it 's dangerous for them to be outside . my cats would likely be killed by the resident feral tom cat or hit by a car . 	you 're doing an awesome job . way to take care of your kitty ! 
because outdoor cats on average live shorter lives than indoor cats . there are lots of dangers and some people prefer not to expose their animal to that . 	they 're also extremely destructive to the environment , killing birds and other prey . 
i 've never seen such a blatant trap game on our schedule . not looking forward to that road trip . 	i mean vt does have a history of coming down to atlanta and taking the coastal back . that 's gonna be a really tough 3 week span for gt . though you 've got the bye before vt . 
utah will beat michigan in the first game of the season . 	considering you guys beat us in aa last year , that 's not much of an upset . 
this is an upset prediction thread . so , thanks for saying that michigan is a better football team than state . 	it does n't seem he can read . weird . 
: d people talk about us !  the hype surrounding our program right now is kind of premature i think , we do best under the radar so i do n't know what to expect from my cardiac cowboys 	i guess it goes without saying that i really hope it 's tcu and not us . the combination of rudolph and stillwater terrifies me . 
like i have been saying georgia southern over uga . have a feeling uga will overlook southern for that next game at tech . 	it wo n't happen . people are making a big deal out of georgia southern last year , but they lost to navy at the end of last year . like blown out by navy . 
considering you guys beat us in aa last year , that 's not much of an upset . 	yes , but harbaugh is bringing a lot of hype . some dude from bleacher report had you and tennessee in the championship game . 
it does n't seem he can read . weird . 	lucky for him , no one will notice when he 's around other sparty fans . 
florida gon fuck someone . i hope it is georgia . 	florida gonna give a good ol fuck to georgia . 
michigan beats the buckeyes and we party like it 's 1969 . 	honestly what would you prefer next year :  6 - 6 , but beat ohio state 9 - 3 , but lose to ohio state and sparty . 
it 's in great shape , it has n't been read much actually . how 's the dmz book ? 	still sealed . have n't gotten to reading it yet either . 
cool , i 'm up for this trade . 	sounds good . hit me up with a pm and we 'll work out the details ! 
would you all mind pretending this is a clever fat joke and upvote me to the top of the thread ? 	aw , it must 've sounded so clever in your head . 
ah , nice to see my tax dollars hard at work . 	the guy lives in a hospital due to his obesity and he still manages to get his hands on chips and pizza . who the hell is enabling that ? 
i just wish lionel would create a box set for all 1 : 64 scale southern 500 cars . it 'd be collectible , and a simple purchase . 	that 's not a bad idea , though it 'd be expensive . 
this song is so sick .  theres nothing offensive in the lyrics apart from it being an isis recruitment video : p  	using skrillex to recruit people to isis ? they must be trying to recruit 13 year olds at raves . 
bug 's been around forever . mash the shit out of w on the load screen . 	yeah lol it 's how i do it 
every time i 'm at my doctor 's , he talks about how often i overdo things . 	it 's hard because to find your limit you to fail and be punished with pain .   
my money 's on some kind of television pilot season , based on the range of earnings he estimated it sounded like several thousand to tens of thousands depending on how popular the show became . 	the first season of tv shows tend to not make much money . 
make it a conga line . 	i would too - and i 'm a straight guy . 
just checked out their site . whoa , their protein powder glass jars look awesome . think i 'm going to order some . 	everything looks so good too , great reviews for most of the powders 
just checked out their site . whoa , their protein powder glass jars look awesome . think i 'm going to order some . 	this is great , do you have a link ? 
oops , my bad ! i 'll repost . this was my first post , forgive me . 	there 's no drama here anyway though .  this is a known fact for a while , honestly a part of that is because of issues between the two subs in the past . 
you 're setting impossible beauty standards for penguins ! 	i 'm a penguin perfectionist . 
i mean you did ask . what did you expect other than a painful answer ? does n't sound so much insensitive as it is hurtful 	yea i know , just not really something i 'd ever expect to hear from my ex wife . the whole situation just came out of left field but it 's in the past 
if she were in love she would n't be so resistant to sex .  it must be so nice for you , having a weak sex drive . 	what a horrifying thing to say ! you 're evil ! there 's no way you were genuinely in love . she 's way better off without you 
if you were in love you would n't be so reliant on sex . 	if she were in love she would n't be so resistant to sex .  it must be so nice for you , having a weak sex drive . 
thinking you do n't let your feelings influence your decisions makes you the idiot . 	some people prefer to make important decisions based on rationality and reasoning . sorry if you 're incapable of demonstrating this . 
the defending on that last goal . my god it was horrendous . 	it 's okay we had good structure and it was just a good play . no need to change anything . powerplay is fine  - islanders coaching staff 
goddamnit . every team i root for is just crashing and burning .  fuck !  edit : ouch . that fade . 	so for the next series i 'm going to really , really need you to be a die - hard rangers fan for a while , please ? 
i 'd be pissed if my team put up 11 sog too 	shot from an average of 55 ft . 
it 's okay we had good structure and it was just a good play . no need to change anything . powerplay is fine  - islanders coaching staff 	us bolt fans were feeling the same way until tonight 's game . y 'all fought hard though and should be a good team for a while ! 
the nice thing is once you start getting into it , time just flies 	time sure does fly , but nothing is saying that your productivity will fly at the same pace lol . sometimes it can be stagnant 
woot woot gratz man ! i just hit the triple digits today , and honestly i think making it to ten was harder for me then the next 90 .   remember it 's just one day at a time ! 	i agree ! those first few weeks are grueling !  hitting 90 is huge though too ! so pat yourself on the back too !  100 days ! nice ! 
how about you take a long walk off a short pier . 	why are you such a terrible person ? does n't that bother you ? 
faggot . 	double fag . 
yeah , he 's the brainwashed one . not the person who thinks men can become women by chopping their dicks off . do i become captain hook if i chop my hand off ? 	you do n't even have the slightest clue what a woman is 
wow , you are one of the most brainwashed people i have ever seen . it 's really depressing that you know how to use a computer 	yeah , he 's the brainwashed one . not the person who thinks men can become women by chopping their dicks off . do i become captain hook if i chop my hand off ? 
wow , you are one of the most brainwashed people i have ever seen . it 's really depressing that you know how to use a computer 	just leave it m8 , you ca n't win this battle . just look at where you are at . 
my thoughts : if it is free , and you guys quit your jobs half a year ago , how are you planning on making money on this ? 	it does n't matter whether the app is free or paid . mobile apps do n't make money on average , period . the only valid reason to develop mobile apps as a hobby is because you like it . 
that 's not an answer , and , more importantly , no word i wrote in my previous comment could be considered a stretch for any given sixth - grader .  regardless .  that 's not an answer . 	well , this is n't a question . 
i did get kernel 4 . 0 to boot , however it ca n't see the pci bus on the laptop so it 's effectively useless . 	ouch that is pretty bad . have you tried compiling a custom kernel ? 
is there any reason putting it in developer mode does n't allow you to use non - google kernels ? 	i did get kernel 4 . 0 to boot , however it ca n't see the pci bus on the laptop so it 's effectively useless . 
kind of . i am happy with who i am but i still worry what other people think when i know i should not . 	same here . i ca n't help but care what others think . it 's one of my many flaws . 
does anyone else hate the arms ?   	do you even lift ? 
someone 's been hitting the gym . 	he needs to stop skipping leg day ! 
yea but thats still not a good reason for someone to be a douche to someone who looks up to you . a simple smile or hello would have been better 	it 's a good reason , just a shitty excuse . 
except we 're still the most common , so so what ? 	it 's a real sign of the dwindling pool of potential pushers . 
id avoid it man . i wonder why he asked that tho 	i wondered the same thing . i feel like that is not a normal thing to ask . straight , gay , or otherwise 
cheers ! was just trying to figure out why the red paint . it seems to be applied in bay as one of the surrounding hoses has it on it . i guess some things are destined to stay a mystery ! 	i have a feeling the old paint came off and someone repainted it with what they had laying around .  the side looks like the paint came off and is a bit rusted 
i 'm taking the girl friend down to do all the trendy stuff , but sunday is all football 	yep taking the wife down for that as well . we 've already book a table at the taxi kitchen . 
jesus if you go on to the page where the guardian have covered this story , its littered with incredibly nasty comments . what a horrid community that place is sometimes . 	you should try reading the comments on any article featuring the conservatives . 
my lgs was selling 325 plus tax , but he offered me 325 flat if i paid cash , so i got it for that . expensive magic in canada . 	401 games ? 
just saw an amazing azalea bush the other day . it was all decked out in flowers . was thinking of getting me one . 	it does n't flower for more than a month . beautiful spring flowers regardless ! 
why are they making a standalone for this ? it did n't seem that long and contains big spoilers for the main game . 	possibly so that if you bought and played the base game on ps3 , you do n't have to pay for it again to play the dlc on ps4 . 
if i stare at a stop light long enough it will turn green . 	i can do this too , but i can also follow this trick with another . before i drive through the intersection , i can make the horn in the car behind me go off by staring at them through my mirror . 
seems like we just copied what they did to the wild . 	except for ours is real , and they hate kesler way more . 
i did this as well . it takes forever to level up though . i think i got it at level 33 and finally morphed it at level 40 . 	playing with only dawn 's wrath skills and poison injection slotted was obscenely annoying . 
your friend is n't very bright in that case . 	exactly , these rumored kits are just knockoffs . wait until the kits around actually announced by united before wasting your money on a potential fake 
can i spit in your face ? 	if i do n't catch it in me mouth . 
yes ! been together almost four years , engaged to be married later this year . we 've had our rough patches , but he is incredibly supportive and i work hard to be well - for both of us . 	happy engagement ! 
actually , why is the ball thrown - in instead of kicked - in when for everything else you have to use your feet ?  edit : come on reddit do n't downvote posters for discussing a rule of the game 	i play in an indoor league and it 's kick - ins instead of throw - ins . 
so the rules have n't changed one bit since the game was invented ? 	it 's funny because the american leagues of the 1930s were the first to have substitutions in soccer . 
i play in an indoor league and it 's kick - ins instead of throw - ins . 	do you also have an under head height rule ? 
from what i 've saw on streams , they squeeze in adverts at the bottom of the screen during the match . horrible . 	in the colombian league , they 'll stop playing the audio from the game and will play audio of a commercial for a few seconds to get their advertisements in . 
it 's time for subway substitution !  kia yellow card has been issued !  subaru corner kick is coming up next !  this replay is brought to you by samsung 	hopefully no one from any of the networks is on here , you just informed them of all the money they are losing out on . 
they would n't . in any case , very little talent comes from america to europe so it 's not like it would make a huge difference 	why all the downvotes ? unless there 's a secret contingent of former mls stars playing in some obscure balkan league , he 's not wrong . 
that 's why i said americanized , what 's your point ? it 's essentially what happens in the nba and nfl 	no the nfl , nba , and nhl do not contract players . individual teams do . 
because of a previous head injury . 	yeah , but it 's not a ridiculous idea that goalkeepers could wear them as a preventative measure . 
it 's true but the fucking commercials kill it 	i just find the sport flat out boring for other reasons than gameplay .  namely that there is a real lack of passion in the culture surrounding teams compared to soccer . 
get in the corners , do the dirty work ! 	crash the net , create traffic . you just gotta want it more , boys ! 
sport was an integral part of a young boys education during the british empire . prepared them for war . 	i thought that was true for every country . guess i was wrong . 
so like cricket . i love watching test matches , everything is so laid back . 	well yeah . 5 days to finish a game leads to things being a bit more laid back . 
american ice hockey fan here and i have to disagree . i hate that the nhl added the stupid shootout rules . that said , the shootouts were even worse in mls . 	oh i hate the shootout too , it 's a gimmick that should be reserved for the all - star game . at the same time i really do n't like ties so i think shootouts are better than ties . 
i 've traveled in europe and the us . in europe it can be cheaper at times to go from italy to france or england etc than it is to go from texas to cali or new york etc . 	yes , well , it can also be cheaper to go from london to new york , than rome to athens . 
why do you have a barcelona flair ?  enough with the cardboard fans in this subreddit . 	because he believes in an independent catalonia obviously . 
went to a few nhl games while i was in canada last year and it was pretty much like how you described it . 	we take our hockey more seriously than the americans .   
fifa would n't care because that would be no longer football . 	you could say fifa would n't give a crud 
and all are fairly average players , none are top quality nor would fit into a top 4 side . 	that was never part of your argument , you are literally grasping at straws now and it 's sad .  thanks for the good conversation , but you 've proved my points through and through . 
do you also have an under head height rule ? 	nope . standard rules except for throw - ins .  edit : just understood what you meant . but answer still stands . ball can played in above head height . 
well yeah . 5 days to finish a game leads to things being a bit more laid back . 	you say that but you will find more action on average in a test match than a baseball match . 
we take our hockey more seriously than the americans .   	i loved it , definitely going to go to more when i go back to canada . 
that 's not true at all . 	read : refused . there were long years since '92 dream team and the year kobe and lebron attended , like in 2008 or so . 
how do american networks handle the fact that games go 45 minutes without a break ? 	it 's time for subway substitution !  kia yellow card has been issued !  subaru corner kick is coming up next !  this replay is brought to you by samsung 
well lacrosse is still much popular in the us than anywhere else . 	that 's completely besides the point . why would soccer copy a sport that it 's more popular than to get more popular ? 
this would make it more like lacrosse , in a way . 	strangest one has to be aussie rules , where the linesman takes the throw ins . backwards , over his head . 
you should probably stop letting it bother you so much , its the future . if you think english networks care about making money less than americans you 're gonna have a bad time . 	english networks wo n't make any money out of american networks so no , they give no fucks either . it would work out better for them anyway , less competition equals higher fees they can charge 
i have , but that has noting to do with it . having thousands of pre - planned plays does not make the nfl anything close to chess . 	exactly . you need a dozen people to plan a football game and only need 1 to play chess . football is way more involved . 
the kick - in vs throw - in intrigues me . i 'd like to see that actually done in an exhibition match or something , just to see what change in dynamic it would have . 	a game would take years because every time you got a kick - in in the opposing half , you 'd throw your big defenders up to get their head on it . 
american riding on germany 's success i see 	if i was american , would n't i be arguing that usa would become a superpower in football ? 
pure speculation , but maybe it 's seen as too big of a penalty for simply putting the ball out of touch ? you 'd probably see a ton of goals coming off kick - ins . 	just make them indirect free kicks then . 
because of a previous head injury . 	which he might not have received had he worn a helmet . 
actually , why is the ball thrown - in instead of kicked - in when for everything else you have to use your feet ?  edit : come on reddit do n't downvote posters for discussing a rule of the game 	pure speculation , but maybe it 's seen as too big of a penalty for simply putting the ball out of touch ? you 'd probably see a ton of goals coming off kick - ins . 
to be fair , the rest of the world changed already - existing rules 	fair point , but they changed it together , not as a one country only change . 
the best is getting invited over to a party to watch a game and your friends get irritated because you 're not socializing , but instead watching the game . talk during the commercials , damnit ! 	nice username broski . 
in the colombian league , they 'll stop playing the audio from the game and will play audio of a commercial for a few seconds to get their advertisements in . 	oh god , i hate this . my dad and i ca n't stand watching matches sometimes because of this . i 'm always afraid they 'll cut the audio and play a commercial when a goal is about to be scored . 
i loved it , definitely going to go to more when i go back to canada . 	just do n't become a maple leafs fan . nothing but heartache . 
how do american networks handle the fact that games go 45 minutes without a break ? 	from what i 've saw on streams , they squeeze in adverts at the bottom of the screen during the match . horrible . 
i fucking hope this goes through . america is already a fucking joke in terms of football , but this would be the coup de grace . let the fuckers isolate from the rest of the world . 	read the title . 
sure . but you ca n't argue that you do n't have so many freaking breaks . it 's sometimes unbearable . 	i 'm not arguing that . i , as well as most other americans , agree entirely that football has too many breaks and it 's a problem . 
most of these ideas are terrible , but i think it 'd be interesting to see how a team would tactically adapt to them . 	that 's how i reacted . it would ruin the game as we know it , but the new version could be just as interesting . 
no , it 's having a laugh at people who are trying to change a game they do n't obviously do n't understand . 	mls to this day is a very standard league , these rules were never implemented retard 
extra time multi - ball ! 	hahaha this would be so entertaining ! love to see how pissed off the players would get if you could somehow surprise them with this implementation 
that 's so far off lmao . nba games are just as livid as a lot of major football matches 	i 'm just basing it off recent weeks of play - off games that i 've watched . i feel like every shot of the audience is families and couples . fan culture seems very different . 
i agree either option is suitable since we do n't do stoppage time . and agrees that players easily can do the math , just explaining why we do what we do 	right , you play without stoppage time . even with stoppage time it should n't matter though , our clock in high school counted down and we just added stoppage time when the time went zero . 
10 minutes a game ? that is quite a bit . 	not when it 's five mins a half ? 
inb4 the obvious troll of man - nipples 	nah , legit women nipples . 
california , unless something has changed , does not score well on education rankings . there 's large poor populations that trends to perform poorly and affect the states overall ranking 	really ? i 'm going off of what a teacher told me , but i assumed that because california was so wealthy like new england , that it would have to have great schools . 
do n't get me wrong , i love my kitten , crazy thing she is . but breathing is a priority lol hard to breathe with a fur ball on your face 	my fur baby is 6 years old and loves to lay around my neck and suffocating me . it 's a common cat thing 
i 'm sorry you ca n't see how his statement was implied by mine , but not so sorry as the guy responding to an eleven day old post to ask passive aggressive questions . 	well looks like you answered my question . stupid it is . 
why bring up voting ? are you so concerned with internet points that you think anyone cares what you do ? 	but , they do care . i 'm super awesome . mommy told me so . 
is this dude serious or just stupid ? 	i 'm sorry you ca n't see how his statement was implied by mine , but not so sorry as the guy responding to an eleven day old post to ask passive aggressive questions . 
that is what i said , thank you for repeating it without adding anything of note . 	i literally did not use one word from your comment , nor did i attempt to convey the same message , but sure , i guess i repeated what you said . 
i was thinking the same . but its still a good way to accidentally kill someone in ignorance . 	every human on the fucking planet knows that choking someone will kill them . it 's instinct . even animals know this , that 's how big cats hunt their prey , by cutting off air supply 
your flip book flipping skills are virtually non existent . 	it 's a learning process and did n't want librarian to notice we get better . 
any particular food type you are hunting for ? 	i love seafood but am most interested in eating food i ca n't get in the midwest . 
the rain here tends to come with tornados and have less than twenty feet of visibility . 	we get constant rain in oregon . if we canceled things due to rain , nothing would ever happen ! 
well , there 's always going to be the tried and true things that look good and not ugly , and this is not one of them , the hairstyle itself is ghetto . 	so a very roots african - american hair style is ghetto ? 
i 've been saying this a lot , but check out impractical jokers . it is extremely funny when you are high , also check out office spaces the movie . and happy birthday man ! 	damn i love that show sober ! 
but can he get to the line ? 	not with the refs from last nights game atleast . 
watch him become their go to closer . 	he 'll turn into a shutdown closer and win the cy young . 
i guess we 're paying his salary so it 's a cheap deal for them ? 	nope . i 'm sure it 's cheap because he sucks but now he gets two pay checks . oh to be a baseball player . 
someone check , was the swarm host burrow move the quickest added and removed ability in the game ? 	haha has to be pretty close , was very good from the times i faced it as toss , while it was fun to play as , hard to deal with . i built so many extra obs every game against zerg haha 
swarm hosts are pretty fucking terrible now . why should they lose burrow move ? 	what ? sh are super good in the beta right now . they suck currently in hots , but not in the beta . burrow move change is too bad , but probably needed . 
i 'd say warp gate is the most important thing they need to change and the one that would take the most time to balance . they should get on that shit asap 	warp gate is fine . let it go . races are different . that 's like protoss saying let 's discuss larva and balancing zerg 's tech switch ability . 
if zerg no longer needs an evo and terran does n't need an e - bay i want them to revert the forge build time nerf . 	if a terran could turret rush and zerg spine rush without having to proxy a hatch , then yeah i would be okay with that 
hmm what sort of amp wattage would i need to run that heavier ? or on the flipside what wattage sub should i be looking at for the amp ? 	you do n't need one , he 's talking out of his ass . that amp you picked out is perfect 
you are dead wrong , that sub is 300 watts rms . peak power , are you kidding me ? op do n't listen to this guy . 	missed some of your comments , definitely not gonna take his advice . this equipment fits my budget and is exactly what i was looking to get . 
missed some of your comments , definitely not gonna take his advice . this equipment fits my budget and is exactly what i was looking to get . 	cool man , that 's solid gear ! that infinity will pound . this guy should stick to yahoo answers 
there was like 6 of these in the pod that drafted early this morning at my shop . kinda lame . they look cool but took the place of the foils in the packs 	probably should 've told the t . o . or head judge . i 'm pretty sure the pack needs to be replaced in that situation . 
he was also wearing retro charlotte hornets gear before the draft lottery , so is it a guarantee he plays for charlotte sometime ? 	no , but the jersey is the team 's uniform , so he has worn their uniform . he may never play a game for chicago , but he 'll have worn their jersey and thus their uniform . 
germany is so fucked in that game . the imbalance compared to russia is fucking insane . 	this is so true but i like their planes so much better that i still play as the germans . 
all the basic bitches wear that shit , so i do n't even bother - kendrick lamar 	bitch you ai n't no barbie i see you work at arby 's 
excel 's icon is an x , not an e . 	oh yeah ! duh .  i hardly use it , so it 's not on my desktop anywhere . 
which is rotting inside . 	the paper or the country ? 
what is their political allegiance ? are they pro - russia or pro - ukraine ? or even pro - independence ? 	i think that they are pro - ukraine due to the fact that stalin , who deported their ancestors en masse to central asia in 1944 , is still very popular in russia . 
it might well be because we dont live in the city - i know in the city it is cheaper . 	many of the houses you can afford are not in the city . 
make a new character and re - learn the game . thats the fun no ? 	i 'll likely end up making a new one . what 's your fav char to play ?  edit : someone has been downvoting all my replies . why you do this ? 
if you straight male make sure it ai n't g . i . r . l . syndrome 	g . i . r . l . syndrome ? what 's that ? : o i 'm sorry for being a noob lol 
i ca n't tell if you 're mad , drunk , or just not a native english speaker . maybe even several combinations . 	all of the above , that does however give you the right to put up youre middle finger to me , eve if you are a girl ! 
i bet you 're lots of fun at parties . 	i 'm awsome at parties . retro games is just my hobby that i normally do n't tell people about . 
why would i got to a bar to play games i already have ? where are the arcade cabinets ? 	i bet you 're lots of fun at parties . 
this might be the only . gif i 'm ever happy to see reposted . 	god , i 've been so inactive lately that i did n't even know this was a repost , i feel ashamed . 
my bad . i ment to say that . but free is free . tons of people are ordering a pizza today any way so getting a free one after the fact is awesome . 	nope . free is not free . rule 5 . 
that 's what i 'm wondering . i have an account too , but i 'm not sure if that 's the same thing . 	should be . do you earn point when you buy online ? log in and look for a reward points button . i order through the app which makes it very easy . 
and before yall ask , no , i did n't join in . i 'm taken . 	so bring mr . neeson with you next time ! 
and before yall ask , no , i did n't join in . i 'm taken . 	so bring your partner ? 
do you still have the teddy bear ? 	i 'm not actually sure - my mum went on a huge clean out when i moved out . i 'll definitely need to ask her if she came across it though ! 
christmas 1984 . i received my atari 2600 which i still play to this day . 	my dad bought me one of those when i was around 7 - 8 in the mid 90s . i remember playing it for hours . sometimes , the simplest games are the best . 
angry chocolate repping the doom flair . i missed my daily dose of doom . 	i 've been so busy i have only gotten into a thread or two each day and to do mod stuff . i miss getting all up in a ton of threads haha 
i do n't know how powerful storm 's lightning bolts are . if they 're normal lightning bolts , then yeah , human torch did most of the work there . 	although i 'm not overly familiar with storm , she does have pretty good weather manipulation abilities . whether or not that makes her lightning more powerful , i 'm not sure . 
johnny has not shown anything near cosmic level power .   	pretty sure he controls the annihilation wave currently , which would make him pretty damn close iirc 
stuff like getting help from storm . 	seriously ? storm did n't do that blast . storm was just on panel lightning . the fire blast was all johnny 
yeah , but thats because we all know how that would end ! it 's obviously a stomp and not worth discussing further . 	yeh i know , it 's clear who would win this fight . 
i wonder if batman has a contingency plan for if someone tries to alter history to prevent him from being born . 	the fact that it has not yet happened proves his plan has worked . 
op says johnny 's not invulnerable to mustang 's fire . the moment johnny flames on he 's going to explode 	i feel like a being made of fire is n't going to be hurt by fire exploding around him . it makes no logical sense . 
these guys are about to get more of my money .  nobody really continues to innovate in this space at such great price points . these guys are awesome . 	it 's just one guy : paul . 
i mean , you kinda need to know what actually works instead of what you just think would work . 	you could be right , but i feel that sexting is n't just about intercourse . 
two cores for an esxi box ? i would n't recommend that personally . 	i 'd agree , with 16gb of ram you 're clearly planning on running a few vms on that box and a quad core or even a 6 core processor would vastly improve performance . 
is n't there some reason bongs and pipes are n't made from clay now days ? i ca n't be sure , and am to lazy to research , but i think it could be harmful , like plastic bongs 	glass is an incredibly good material for smoking . no residue when heated , doesnt add its own taste , and fairly durable under normal circumstances . 
once i glaze it green and add a bowl it wo n't look like a vase anymore : p 	just messin with ya . i wish i could do stuff like that . oh well , i 'll just stick to water bottles . 
glock only needs eight armoured body shots to kill and should be nerfed into the ground . 	m1 knife attack is a 2 hit kill , should be nerfed into the ground . this is n't cod after all ! 
mag 7 1 hit ko is unfair vs kevlar and should be nerfed into the ground . 	glock only needs eight armoured body shots to kill and should be nerfed into the ground . 
glock only needs eight armoured body shots to kill and should be nerfed into the ground . 	excuse me , do you a second to talk about or lord and savior rek - 9 ? 
but at the round summary it was stated that he did total of 353 damage with grenade . maybe it counts damage reduced by armor as well ? 	well right after he shoots with his usp and the total damage with both the nade and the usp he does 354 damage . 
those are the biggest pain in the world to clean . they seem to attract dirt and the stains never come out . also they 're hard to get out of the car to clean 	but do they keep the carpet from getting destroyed by children ? 
well good news is he playing next season . i 'm glad you are providing relevant conversation . 	am i out of the loop on some ad suspension or something ? 
i just want to see the man play football . what a shame we lost him this past year . last year could have been historic ; instead , what a waste . 	yeah , poor guy , his stupid kid got in the way of his switch with his butt and balls . fucking tragedy . 
prove what ? he 's never going to be our starting rb . he 's rightfully earned the backup role . 	never ? jamaal will not play forever . 
salty , salty vikings fans 	strong from a jets fan . strong . 
i just want to see the man play football . what a shame we lost him this past year . last year could have been historic ; instead , what a waste . 	it 's a shame he made choices that put him out of the league . it is not a shame he did n't play beyond that . 
homerism aside , does lynch have a leg to stand on in terms of being the best in the nfl ? 	i 'd say he 's the best at what he does . which is be a god damn grinder .  he 's not the best pure back though . man is arguably my favorite to watch . such a violent runner . 
how 's myspace doing these days ? 	yeh . facebook won . it has utilitarian value where myspace had profiles for fictional characters . 
shaming each other for body image . we get it enough from men and all agree how much it affects self - esteem , so why do you add to it ? 	body shaming is an issue that effects everyone not just women , if you do n't believe that ask any fat kid you see . 
to be fair , how men treat women is a much bigger issue in the world . 	maybe in many other countries but in the united states women have become the abusers edit : either way abuse in any relationship is unacceptable 
did i say it was women exclusive ? no . no i did not . this thread however is directed at women specifically . that 's why i did n't include them . 	we get it enough from men .  sorry but that kind of lead me to believe you were talking about men being assholes , i apologize for assuming the worst .   
how are we the number one country in the world ? not hating . i just want to see the math on this . 	economy and military power . 
alas , i now live in nyc , so it will be a long while before i even own a pistol again . 	that does n't preclude gun ownership . perhaps you 'll need iwb holsters if you want to do it without hassle though . 
and also it guys are more often libertarian ? i 'm just guessing here . 	i 'm pretty liberal , but i will shoot the hell out of some damn guns . sucks i do n't really have a party that represents my beliefs . 
really ? i thought 6 . 8 was developed to have better mid - range ballistics than 5 . 56 , especially out of a short barrel ? 	short range knockdown , yes . short range being under 300 yards . but 6 . 5 has superior ballistics , because you just ca n't fit a long bullet into standard mags . 
as an american we do n't even acknowledge your existence 	that 's probably the best message you could send to someone who 's trying to stereotype your user base . 
ah . not worth it to me . with some of the work i do , any kind of legal issues can be a major problem , even without a conviction . 	given your username , i am surprised . whatever floats your boat though . i hope you do n't end up needing a gun you do n't have . 
can you carry a concealed handgun on your belt and an ak in your car ? genuinely curious . 	yes . my 45 and ka bar make me smile .  in america btw . 
what has this to do with anything ? o . o 	hey , hey , pipe down ! you are ruining the rhetoric ! 
i 'm pretty liberal , but i will shoot the hell out of some damn guns . sucks i do n't really have a party that represents my beliefs . 	that 's why i 'm registered as an independent voter . all political groups are dumb in at least one way and trying to align with the best of the worst is silly . 
we 're the last line of defense for the systems ! 	part of my job description is to protect the physical security of the data center . 
that 's probably the best message you could send to someone who 's trying to stereotype your user base . 	responding with more ignorance ? would n't that just strengthen the american stereotype ? 
the other ive seen is up in northern michigan to deal with the amount of snow they get . cant get out of the ground floor go out the second story . 	usually those buildings are more than 50 year old and have been retro fitted . 
is there a veto system are are the maps randomized ? 	yes , standard esl veto always ensure the last map is randomized between 3 maps left . for bo1 , each team ban 2 , last map randomized . for bo3 , each team ban 1 pick 1 , last map randomized . 
i think half of the cw betters have not realized that dignitas actual team is the cw team they wanted to bet on . 	if you still dont know it after roughly 3 weeks you are either not a fan or very uninformed better and deserve it . 
exactly the same , we 're about to lose 5th lol 	this is going to be my 4th consecutive loss , if wolves do n't win this . 
what do you think about the teams playing on cache ? 	i have n't really seen either team play cache . 
i think half of the cw betters have not realized that dignitas actual team is the cw team they wanted to bet on . 	no this game was 50 - 50 on any map other than inferno or cobblestone . 
polly is really not a great awper unfortunately . he 's a good angle holder but as aggressive and dynamic , he really ca n't handle the role . 	he 's been doing fine online though , nothing kennys like but he 's been holding is own . 
i buy a whole loaf so i can cut my french toast that thick . 	or you can just get texas toast . it 's what my mom always bought for french toast cuz they slice it so thick . 
why is the tabby kind of wiggling ? 	computer , can i get a cat wobble ? 
or you can just get texas toast . it 's what my mom always bought for french toast cuz they slice it so thick . 	my grandma would always have texas toast . she would toast is for me and then cover it in a layer of caramel . that was delicious . 
i think there should be less sharks . i should n't have to encounter sharks every single time i go to another island . it should be rarer . 	the new sharks are less in number but they act like 3 attacking you at once . they are so fast and they do a lot more damage and attack more often than before 
either has a sim card in his computer for mobile internet or uses his phone as a mobile hotspot which is more likely since he changes computers often . 	to be fair , i think it seems often to us , when really its every 2 years or so . not too horrific for a mild computer geek like sam . 
pay for a bot who 's whole purpose is to allow me to use some broken - ass website properly ? yeaaah no , i 'd rather go to trade ninja or something 	u using this website for free , the only thing you do is paying some fees for winning money , i got through with my bet in like 10 - 15 seconds while items from the hr game get drafted . 
so nv is ct on second half ? i was about to say if they are ct first halt and let nip win that much uh oh ahahaha 	yes , sorry for the confusion . nv is ct second half . nip is t . 
nv is on t side . 	whoops my bad , had it wrong way around , fixed 
if anyone has any news on the fifth guy please post it here . 	i 'll be ready to update when i find out . 
i just love how i had a max bet on hr and the bet would n't go through . 	that 's why you should prepare big returns to use before tournaments 
if nbk is n't kicking himself with all the stupid plays he 's made , idk what to say 	yeah nbk is really dropping the ball today . 
or buy yourself a dedicated bot . 	pay for a bot who 's whole purpose is to allow me to use some broken - ass website properly ? yeaaah no , i 'd rather go to trade ninja or something 
whoops my bad , had it wrong way around , fixed 	so nv is ct on second half ? i was about to say if they are ct first halt and let nip win that much uh oh ahahaha 
wow ! i 've never had anything even close to a dream - induced orgasm . 	i feel so bad that you have n't had one ! its amazing and the best surprise ever : d 
and yet , it is really dangerous to inject and can cause death . and it is used recreationally by many bodybuilders and other fitness enthusiasts . 	it 's really dangerous to smoke weed , you could set your house on fire . and it is used recreationally by many stoners and other marijuana enthusiasts . 
it 's already legal to enter a house with probable cause . it does n't need to be about something illegal 	i think , i 'm not sure , my expertise stops with law and order 
post removed , read the rules 	can you please point out what rule i violated ? i went over them one more time , but still do n't see what rule it was . 
holy fuck sticks was that dude with the massive scope and cheap ass red dot on the side of rifle . i 've seen a lot of dumb shit come through classes but nothing as dumb as that 	bro , sometimes you need to snipe and clear rooms . 
this should n't be that hard to do . i could look into it over the weekend . ca n't say i condone the high school cheating though : p 	is it possible to expand the size to include the plastic clear ring ? i think it adds a cool effect . 
woah that 's crazy , i 'm currently sitting at the bar here haha 	i always thought the lay out was strange . between orphanage and a gay sex club dungeon , it makes a little more sense . 
because i do n't own one .  i could buy one , sure , but then i 'm stuck carrying it until i get a chance to toss it back into my car . 	you could freeze a bottle of water and use that like an ice pack . 
why ca n't you just keep your lunch in an insulated cooler with an ice pack ?   	because i do n't own one .  i could buy one , sure , but then i 'm stuck carrying it until i get a chance to toss it back into my car . 
you could freeze a bottle of water and use that like an ice pack . 	that 's also a really good idea . or i could get some of those tiny lunchbox cooler things . 
i do n't plan on renting i feel like this can be a waste of money . but yes my car is not the best and will without a doubt need repairs . 	well , if you want to buy a house , wtf are you asking us why you need to save then ? 
is n't there a bit in the teaser where a guy is doing combat rolls in the streets , wearing the full suit ? 	yup , i wonder who it will be that goes full armor though 
yup , i wonder who it will be that goes full armor though 	probably michael , they 're really setting him up as the star of the movie 
yes sir ! had a great time and got these two little guys to take home , as well ! 	was up there yesterday and about to head back up ! grats on the new guys ! 
last word . 	for someone concerned about age , you sure took the most juvenile way out . do n't ever stop shitposting . 
i 've been looking for peeps ! i 'll add you . americas servers ? 	american indeed . online now . 
it 's a bare bones feature that was n't built upon and people rather use teamspeak since it 's more easier , practical and efficient . 	also does n't show up for anyone who is n't in the squad , the most people i 've seen in my squad was 3 , 2 of them were guild members on ts anyway . 
seriously . there are a million general credit classes she could be taking as a freshmen for any major . 	which may or may not transfer . which may , depending on the school , be outrageously expensive when she could theoretically get those classes in the summer at a community college .   
yes , many people work in hs .  most people working in high school are doing minimum wage . working part time while in school is not going to cut it without assistance . 	sure . this girl had literally no money without that card , though . that was what was seen as abnormal . 
i think you are the only person on this thread besides me who sees the real picture . 	pretty much . i 'm getting all sorts of lovely messages telling me to go fuck myself ; clearly , the maturity level in this thread is high . 
good . anyone who wants to throw their child out is scum . 	exactly . how the fuck is this downvoted ? it 's a random day in february , op 's daughter was kicked outside with no money and nowhere to go . that is unforgivable to me . 
i do n't think so . i think the wife is being petty as fuck if she things she has to power play over her own daughter . it 's like she has no maternal instinct whatsoever . 	if my 19 year old was a total douche my maternal instinct would be to put them out on their ass . it 's doing no one any favor to baby an asshole 
seriously ? i have worked full time and done full time school for both of my degrees . it can be done . people just love to make excuses so they do n't have to . 	wow . because you were lucky enough to find a job that works with your student schedule , does n't mean everyone is able to find a job . 
it does n't matter - if one person acts over - the - top in one way the other person acting over - the - top in the opposite direction will just make it worse . 	i definitely agree with that , but in order to break the cycle , it 's helpful to know where it began . 
sounds like you are more attached to your daughter than you are to your wife and i 'm guessing that it 's been that way for a long time . 	i think that too . op has a nasty shock in store though when the daughter gets a boyfriend and suddenly dad is no longer important . 
sounds like you are more attached to your daughter than you are to your wife and i 'm guessing that it 's been that way for a long time . 	yea , probably since she was born , like any normal parent .  his daughter is an actual child , his wife is n't even though she acts like one . 
you are good cop , wife is bad cop . i kind of feel bad for your wife . i was an asshole at 19 . 	do we know the daughter is an asshole ? do we have evidence that putting a 19 year old girl on the street will promote the development of a responsible , respectable young woman ? get real . 
jesus christ .  the girl just found out she could n't cut it as an engineer . how do we know that she is n't looking for things to do or trying to find a job ? 	just found out ? no . she would have known by mid - december even if she was completely lying to herself throughout the semester . 
then you call the cops and have them remove the locks or force the wife to open the door . losing the house is n't really a legitimate concern , at least not at this stage . 	it may not be a legitimate concern , but it may well be her plan . 
yeah , it 's pretty obvious the wife is second and has been for a long time . 	to be fair , wife sounds like a bitch . 
she is an adult , so i think that is beyond the realm of possibility , but i will definitely be doing so . 	she is an adult .  so why are you treating her like a child . 
yeah they work it out when it is something to work out . what wife wanted to do was unreasonable and simply bad parenting . if she had something worth discussing i would agree . 	trying to have the daughter ge a job is unreasonable ?  personally i find laying around the house doing nothing is unreasonable but thats just me . 
rest assured , this storm wo n't be leaving the proverbial channel any time soon . 	why would you feel your wife would want to communicate with you when you already threatened her for trying to discipline your little princess ?  you seem terribly unreasonable and authoritative . 
i would say that it was clear he had already picked his side and expected her to go along with whatever he told her to do . it was n't like he was trying to have a discussion when this happened 	there are plenty of topics of discussion that rational , open - minded people would not be interested in entertaining . 
biological mother ; you 're the second one to ask that so i 'll edit it into the op . 	people keep asking or wondering because you talk about her like she 's not really a part of your relationship . 
the mother is 39 , and the daughter is 19 . the mother had her at 20 . that might be a factor in her viewpoint . 	it sounds to me like she is lashing out because she lost her youth to raising a child who does n't care for her . and now she is bad cop , but not with any real power in the home . 
i agree . i would love to hear what the wife has to say and what happens when daddy is n't around . 	i wonder how often dad is gone on trips . does he get to be the fun dad while mom is stuck at home doing the tough parenting ? 
what is your wife 's specific issue with your daughter ? does your daughter speak to your wife or treat her in a disrespectful manner ? does that escalate when you are not around ? 	i bet the daughter speaks to her mother the same way her father does .   
and op isnt acting like a dad in the wifes eyes .  read his posts since the original .  him and his daughter sound like friends more the a parental figure . 	i have to disagree . there 's nothing to suggest there 's anything more than a friendly , supportive father - daughter relationship . i actually ca n't see anything that proves otherwise . 
rest assured , this storm wo n't be leaving the proverbial channel any time soon . 	i really wish my father had stood up for me with his wife the way you have . i know it sucks but being there for her will be the best decision you every made . keep up the good work . 
it 's not out of the realm of possibility completely , but my daughter is not the type . as others have responded , my wife 's reaction makes it even less of a possibility . 	if your wife wants to share her part of the story she should start by calling you instead of ignoring your calls .  get a lawyer please 
and which came first , the chicken or the egg ? is mom harsh because dad is lax , or is dad lax because mom is harsh ? i 'm willing to bet that it 's the former . 	it does n't matter - if one person acts over - the - top in one way the other person acting over - the - top in the opposite direction will just make it worse . 
there are still a lot of places in the u . s . where jobs are extremely hard to come by , let alone for a 19 - year - old with no work history who plans on going back to college soon . 	im sorry but i just do n't believe that . fast food places , department stores , walmart . especially during the year when kids are in school , there are jobs . you just have to look . 
is n't it hypocritical of her to want your daughter out for doing nothing for two months if she does n't work ? 	yes . ironically , the mother will probably get a well deserved reality check , the one she intended to give her daughter .   
why are you so quick to side with the wife ? seriously . she went behind his back and made a big family decision that should have been agreed upon by both parents . that 's a giant problem . 	because everyone in this thread saying that is ignoring that op did the exact same thing . 
rest assured , this storm wo n't be leaving the proverbial channel any time soon . 	your daughter is going to look back and appreciate you standing up for her . shit , i appreciate it and i 'm unrelated to the story . 
yes we do .  and stop being condescending . 	people here are telling op to give up his agency and allow his wife to abuse their daughter over neurotic crazy bs and i 'm condescending ? ok . 
approx how many dl 'd games would fit on a 64 or 128gb ? 	depends . each 8 blocks equals 1 mb . just do the math for a 64gb or 128gb card . 
why would n't he just smoke pot instead of that nasty shit 	because until yesterday weed was illegal and spice was n't . 
any colour you might suggest other than white ? 	a much warmer tone . almost candle light . 
any colour you might suggest other than white ? 	be cool if the carriers lights were red light like they use at night in real life , but the map looks cool . 
the lights are too white . 	any colour you might suggest other than white ? 
being on mobile is not even close to excuse for your lack of even a basic understanding of the english language .  great job making range buddies though , i guess . 	apparently the post was deleted ? 
not going to lie , if i were your husband i would have just said i 'd talk to you about it later and hung up .   	he should have . it was insane . i bought him a present the next day to make up for being a crazy wife . luckily he loves me 
still stupid , even my domestic cats will lash out at everybody around them if they 're pissed off . 	i know ! i do n't think i 've ever attempted to kiss a cat on its face . my features are n't amazing , but i like them the way they are . 
yeah it 's still a wild animal , and my cat has drawn serious blood when slightly pissed off . if he had the ability to kill me by accident he would have by now . 	it was raised from birth in captivity . it is not a wild animal . 
i do n't think i can explain it in a way that you could understand .  we do n't realize it 's hormones .  but we 'll just have to agree to disagree . 	you seem to think i do n't understand . i disagree entirely , and vehemently , but you 're welcome to your opinion , as much as i think it 's absolutely wrong . 
still stupid , even my domestic cats will lash out at everybody around them if they 're pissed off . 	yeah it 's still a wild animal , and my cat has drawn serious blood when slightly pissed off . if he had the ability to kill me by accident he would have by now . 
maybe we should break up next day : hi honey i made dinner i hope your day was okay my boobs are sore but it 's cool i love you would you like some hugs ? 	if i pulled the break up card after 7 years he would literally just walk to the other room and play video games or something , he would totally know . he knows me too well lol . 
aww , the end of the last one always makes me cry ! 	that 's tomorrow 's date night adventure . oh god . so many tears to come . 
the last 2 patches they put server performance improvements as one of the items . i have yet to see any real improvements . 	hmm i play the heavy arms server quite often . so that 's what 's going down when it seems like there is a server restart but no message comes up ? the memory is exploding ? 
correct .   	thank you for your swift answer , i 'll try and get in touch with the local officer recruiter . it is just unfortunate that the closest officer office is 2 states away . 
this is bad advice . religion does n't offer any real comfort and keeps people from pursuing truth . it 's a crutch . 	how are you making these claims ? 
i 'm on some heavy antidepressants so i have a super easy time just feeling the positive side of it . my b ! 	aw i hope you 're ok . glad that the meds are working but not glad you need them . hugs ! 
i 'm sorry , both you and the previous poster stated your beliefs as if they were facts . i was just pointing out your error . 	i 'm sorry too . i reacted instead of stopping to consider my words more carefully . it 's not fact . just a deeply - held belief . 
the white and gold or the black and blue ? 	i love them both equally . what 's your favorite ?  speaking of unwritten rules . 
that dress never makes them look fat . 	the white and gold or the black and blue ? 
hmm , sounds interesting . i 'll try to check it out . 	in that case , start with quantum thief which is the first book in the trilogy . fractal prince is the middle book . 
shall i compare thee to a summer 's day ? 	i am not so fair nor so temperate .  that said , according to xkcd .  i do n't cause heat stroke in the elderly .  for reference see number one - oh - two - six .   
did you maybe put the cable into the microphone in ? 	nope , tried with the front and rear green jack 
these ecchi manga titles are getting longer and longer . 	light novel adaptations , blame the light novels for the long ass names . 
wal - mart is hell . second worst job i 've ever had . 	i might regret this , but what was worse than wal - mart ? 
those cute fake thigh highs you find on ebay with cat ears and tails on them . i 'm far too old for them but i do n't care they 're great 	i had no idea these existed ! now i know i need a pair . thank you .   
definitely uggs too . after it gets a certain level of cold , everything goes out the window . 	i live in the midwest where below 20 degree temperatures are not out of the ordinary . sometimes it 's just too cold to care 
same here with the geek shirts ! i have a lot of video game shirts . tons . i 'm also slowly gathering high socks . because awesome ! 	i also rock nerdy socks . 
those cute fake thigh highs you find on ebay with cat ears and tails on them . i 'm far too old for them but i do n't care they 're great 	i 've almost bought those so many times . they 're super cute ! 
just saw this happen at work . lady wore a cross body purse and left it in the bathroom . she came back 20 minutes later to get it , and even said she got the cross body style to avoid losing it . 	my dad is a long term fanny packer . this summer he tried an outdoorsy mens cross body to alleviate the embarrassment of my 16 year old lil sis . took him two weeks to leave it somewhere . 
cat hair ! i know i should get me one of those 24 - packs of the ultra - sticky lint rollers , but i just do n't care 	i do n't even notice if my clothes have a covering anymore , it 's like a second skin to me . 
doc marten fisherman sandals . i have the hardest time finding sandals that are not flip flops and do n't show my toes . fisherman sandals are my 90s trend godsend . plus more comfortable ! 	i love those ! i also hate showing my toes and hate summer sandals that are just flat and have no support whatsoever 
if it 's something i can take off , it 's something i can easily leave behind somewhere . 	just saw this happen at work . lady wore a cross body purse and left it in the bathroom . she came back 20 minutes later to get it , and even said she got the cross body style to avoid losing it . 
edit : did i mention cool ? 	we make plastic film used in food packaging ! 
my chocolate brown members only jacket . i love how warm it is and how people recognize it . 	wait that 's actually cool 
i might regret this , but what was worse than wal - mart ? 	subway . my three worst jobs ever go :  1 . subway 2 . wal - mart 3 . sam 's club 
really ? i thought it 's not bad to say a guy is being sweet . cute i understand , but i always tell my boyfriend he 's being a sweetheart when he does things for me . 	it 's different when you 're in a relationship . if it 's a guy you just met , that kind of thing is taken as the opposite of flirting . 
nah man , ca n't be too fat , just gotta want to wear it 	lol . if only that were true . the fatter you get , the harder it is to find clothes that fit . 
man i 'm digging that . could you tell me what shirt that is ? 	the shirt is banana republic , floral print . sleeves are a bit long tho . need to get it tailored . 
these are insanely nice , just in general . this is inspiring even as a non - fat dude . 	absolutely . i 'm stealing some of the color palettes from the suit fits . 
i like the ones that arent as tight or are layered , they make you look like you have a rugby player type build , im not a fan of the tight stuff though 	man i want to play rugby so bad , it looks like such a fun game 
been busy . life gets that way . glad to see your style is n't looking cramped . ha .  too bad that business fashion sub died . i was n't much help . 	yeah man , i do n't think there was enough of a niche there honestly . i was hoping for it but its alright . 
should polo shirts not be tucked in ? 	it does n't look as nice as a shirt when tucked in . however , as anything with mfa , it 's more of a suggestion , not a hard rule . wear what you want and how you want as long as it fits well . 
some people just genetically do n't grow beards well , regardless of their t levels . 	also true . i was curious , so got tested , i was super low . always surprised me because men in my family tended to grow hair , especially facial hair very easily . 
i love the red blazer , one of my favourite looks in the album . 	indeed the look and the blazer are great . first thing that came to my mind was the limited combinations that the blazer works with though 
well done , sir . you look far more handsome than that lanky dude in the second to last pic .  but i still disagree with all of mfa when it comes to boat shoes . 	you 're hurting me bad man . boat shoes are my baby 
there are n't many things worse than fat people who do n't think they 're fat . face it dude , you 're pretty fat . buy shirts that fit how you actually look , not how you want to look 	man i just ate a whole box of pop tarts . i know i 'm fat , believe me 
i 'm not gonna lie i was expecting the usual odd - fitting boot cut jeans fat guy fits , but shit man these are on point , you got fuckin 'style . 	thanks dude , there are some dudes on here who can streetwear really well as a big dude , but i just ca n't seem to wrap my head around that one 
my only suggestion would be to not wear brown shoes with black pants . at least , i 've always been told not to wear brown shoes or belts with black suits . 	i think those pants are navy . the photo with the red coat ? 
fellow fat here . thank you for the post . i remember when you posted a pic awhile back and we requested more . thanks for delivering . 	yeah man , i 'm still trying to write that guide but everything is getting in the way right now 
some people just genetically do n't grow beards well , regardless of their t levels . 	i ca n't stop picturing a thousand little mr . t 's pushing hair out of a face to grow a beard 
fair point but i 've got a raging sc erection that 's lasted longer than 4 hours .  edit : by that i mean put funds toward the content not more videos , i 'm hard enough . 	the community stuff is funded via subscription money , not development money 
fair point but i 've got a raging sc erection that 's lasted longer than 4 hours .  edit : by that i mean put funds toward the content not more videos , i 'm hard enough . 	also they get funds for a lot of the community content specifically from the optional subscriber fees , which is not the same way they cover development . 
saw the link to design post for weapon mounts , got excited , was let down 	it seems to be a broken link . it was the first one i clicked , too . 
other than currently being really bad . 	we are n't even sixers bad . we have 11 games in the win column against them 
sorry , but a spaghetti and wine date with my cat sounds like heaven . 	i 'm very allergic to cats , and i do n't drink wine , but i love spaghetti . 
are you fucking kidding me ? my cat is the shit ! i love spending time with her , why would this be a bad thing . 	guys like this think they are better than your kitty . they think if you had to choose between them , you would n't choose the cat . 
thanks op , i think i rolled my eyes so hard i sprained them . 	better put them on ice .   
looks like kilmer 's taking one for the bat - team 	val kilmer dies , like his career did after batman 
are you high ? 	no , but good idea . 
i read a lot of this topic for amusement and hopes of a heath ledger joke . 	that guy did n't even show up to his own movie 's premier 
why not both ?  he gets hit on the head during the second act and the tables flip . eventually his tactics and sheer confidence help rally the teams courage and they begin to win ! 	i like that with christian bale , george clooney , and ben affleck in the movie , adam west gets the most complex and challenging role . 
except not a bad comedy . that movie was terrible . 	what a great cast for such an awful movie . 
if you call that salty then i do n't think there 's even a word to describe what your comment is . 	the red sea . 
i like the final touch . dalton as the most psychotic james bond 	he 's a bond on the edge . i love a bit of dalton . 
how great would it be if mark hamill plays joker in zach snyder 's dc universe . so what if he 's way older than affleck , this would still be amazing . 	he has expressly retired the role , though i could see him cropping up as some aged cameo version in a live - action batman beyond film , which is bound to be amazing . 
why not both ?  he gets hit on the head during the second act and the tables flip . eventually his tactics and sheer confidence help rally the teams courage and they begin to win ! 	that 's the best idea . this movie 's getting better and better . 
this is why no one has read hamlet or even purchased a copy of the book in the last 200 years . it 's practically been lost to time . 	the bible still holds up pretty well , i do n't read it for other reasons . 
for some that line was crossed when they decided to make a tv show . 	the first stargate movie was n't real stargate . james spader is not a daniel jackson .  and cmon , does anyone even remember who the fuck played colonel o 'neil in the movie ? he was a nobody . 
this is not the greatest film in the world ! this is just a tribute . 	nasty man and wonder boy would have to make an appearance . 
i love it but for adam west instead of not remembering being batman , he should not remember being adam west and only remember being batman . 	or he should be cat - man ! 
why not both ?  he gets hit on the head during the second act and the tables flip . eventually his tactics and sheer confidence help rally the teams courage and they begin to win ! 	the running gag in the movie is he keeps getting hit in the head , each time changing his perception of himself between adam west and batman . 
yes , but he would only need speak and the fans would weep . 	plot twist : he has a throat infection and has temporarily lost his voice . 
this is why no one has read hamlet or even purchased a copy of the book in the last 200 years . it 's practically been lost to time . 	yeah because like , who has n't seen the lion king these days ? we all know the ending to hamlet now . 
looks like kilmer 's taking one for the bat - team 	hey , he 's just happy to be a part of the whole thing . 
he has a bat credit card to spend on a stunt actor to do the dirty work . 	there happened to be a kid who was allowed to dress as batman and secretly follows clooney and his stunt double , blowing their cover by asking stupid 1950s like questions . 
they already made this movie , except it was about star trek and it was called galaxy quest . 	it 's been long enough for a reboot . 
why not both ?  he gets hit on the head during the second act and the tables flip . eventually his tactics and sheer confidence help rally the teams courage and they begin to win ! 	you asshole , nice job not putting in a spoiler alert . now i 'm not going to see it . 
looks like kilmer 's taking one for the bat - team 	he 'll have to actually say that line , too . 
that reminds me though , what did happen to that reddit user who was asked to turn their reddit comment into a script ? 	dude sold it to a movie producer and is writing a book of it . think the book is already out . 
good news is it will be a tv show . 	source ? 
they already made this movie , except it was about star trek and it was called galaxy quest . 	fuck , i spent that whole movie looking for batman and did n't see him once . will have to re - watch . 
no no no no , wes anderson should be your choice , just imagine how crazy that movie would be . it would be like bringing guillermo del toro to direct my little pony 	wes anderson ? no no you know val kilmer does n't look good in a straight - on shot . 
star trek : the picture that pans really slowly for about 10 minutes at a time 	the working title for that movie was  star trek : totally not 2001 a space odyssey . 
are you high ? 	no , but good idea . 
why not both ?  he gets hit on the head during the second act and the tables flip . eventually his tactics and sheer confidence help rally the teams courage and they begin to win ! 	this whole idea is too good to be just thrown away here . you guys really need to work up a treatment and shop it around . 
and i watched the shit out of that ! best trek movie since undiscovered country . 	yeah , i loved it . they nailed every character . 
why not both ?  he gets hit on the head during the second act and the tables flip . eventually his tactics and sheer confidence help rally the teams courage and they begin to win ! 	yeah that 'd be awesome , or even if it just randomly flipped at random times in the action . 
no other symptoms , just the sudden appearance . she does suck her fingers when she is tired - not sure if this is relevant or not 	it does look like a localized reaction after exposure to something . was she playing outside beforehand ? 
could be heat blisters . take her to the hospital and get off of reddit . 	seriously , unless you have no access to medical care get thee to a doctor . 
there 's really no plot development in the ova 's . you wo n't be left off at a cliffhanger or anything if you watch the ones that are out . 	yeah i am very aware of that , but still would like to finish it anyways . i always try to finish every anime i watch ! 
if you mean only ted and not tedx , i 'm not sure i can disagree with any i 've seen . tedx on the other hand has so much opinionated bullshit it 's crazy to put much faith in it . 	you beat me to it . tedx is an embarrassment to ted . 
you 'll need a vpn . sky are good with location blocking , so addons and stuff like that wo n't work . 	ok . i have a vpn and a uk postal address , is that all i would need ? do they mail anything to the address or is it there just to verify it 's a uk resident subscribing ? 
yeah but if he breaks smaller things , he may not . also , for someone who clearly has no respect for things , i just would n't let him use most things , except maybe a pot or pan . 	this is going to be my attitude i 'm going to remove all important things 
haha idk what a kook is but i 'll make sure i do n't run into anyone lol ! 	it 's a racist term from the vietnam war that they used to call people who could n't surf . 
do these actually work ? 	yes , but you need inhuman apm , so unless you 're using a 3rd party program you likely wo n't be able to pull some of these off . 
what wars were there in the 180 's that you remember ? 	war has always been a part of the human existence . i highly doubt there has been a time when the entire world has been at peace , and if there has been it probably did n't last very long . 
i 'm at a 0 and it made perfect sense 	then i salute you , you strange person . 
you mean the income cut as the difference between yours and your girl 's salary ? 	yeah , that 's what i was getting at . public service is generally for the better meant of the world , not a means to get rich . 
agreed , this llama dude is fucking retarded . 	please explain . you guys act like you cannot find an address with a name . 
well i mean i 'm willing to trade for something worth 	mis - read . did n't notice you were selling . 
fuck them . fuck the oil industry . why ca n't renewable get this sort of investment ? 	this is a tax break . renewables do n't have to pay special taxes . 
how is her sexual preference in anyway a needed detail of any fat hate story . it 's not . 	i think you are being a little too much . focus on the point . 
the central valley is pure cheney country , dude . not our fault you 've never been out of the city . 	seriously . if you exclude la , sf , and a few more coastal cities like sb you essentially have a dark red state . 
you have n't ever really been to california , have you . turn off fox news and go do some reading it 's not just some liberal stronghold . 	lived here for decades .  you 're right , my bad , totally a red state in every way . 
lived here for decades .  you 're right , my bad , totally a red state in every way . 	the central valley is pure cheney country , dude . not our fault you 've never been out of the city . 
where 's the beef ? 	it 's what 's for dinner . 
is your mouth piece blue ? weird . just bought my pax recently , used a buddies for like a month before i got my own , love it . sucks they just dropped a new one after i bought mine . 	is there a place i can buy one for cheaper than what they have on the website ? i already checked ebay and amazon , and they had nothing . 
please stop replying to this troll dudes . we 've already been fooled once ! 	i was starting to think that he is actually a troll , but at least he 's certainly more cunning than most other ones around here ! gotta give that to him . 
dab means putting your foot down . 	ohh , okay . so track stand skills come in handy here . thank you . 
it is if leos think they can prevent crime . 	and you think your delusions about the world are real . you should all be committed . 
if that were true then only guilty people would be found guilty of crimes . 	generally , that is true . there are a few well documented cases where an innocent person was found guilty , but they are so few against so many as to be statistically insignificant . 
yep .  i 'm sure i 'm one of the few , but the removable plastic back was a feature for me , not a flaw . 	seriously . the glass is just an extra thing to break if you drop it . 
my note 4 is black ? 	i think they mean just plain black . the note 4 is kinda grey and has those thin lines running across it . 
interesting . i 'll look into it ! will it have sd storage ? 	no . how much space do you use anyway ? 
calling all nexus users on lollipop .  do you ever see a delay after tapping the recent apps button ? 	nexus 5 user , no delay for me 
at least it is in the middle of the phone . not off to the side . ugh . 	 when i had a 4s , i would try using the volume buttons to take a picture but my hand would be in the way . i would have to hold my phone with the tips of my fingers for it to work . 
why do people care so much what people claim . people will always have their opinions that you wo n't be able to change 	people care because they want to know what the general consensus is about a device before spending a lot of money on it . 
and so i make this thread to point out that aa made a good review without needless comparisons . 	by making the needless comparison and getting top comment for that needless comparison . 
the m9 is better . better build quality , better speakers , better ui , and better device protection . 	worse processor speed , worse battery , worse camera , worse screen . 
have n't most of the galaxy phones had protruding cameras ? the s3 did and the s5 does too . the only difference is that the back cover tapered up to the camera lens . 	the s2 has a slightly protruding camera . it was in the centre so it kept the phone up at a nice angle when i put it next to my bed . 
are there going to be custom touchwiz themes ? meaning someone could make a stock android like theme ? : o 	it launches with themes and a theme store . the dev tools for creating your own themes has n't been released to public yet , but will be at a later date . 
get the s6 active which is about to be announced soon .  it 'll have a plastic back and will have a 3500 mah battery . not sure about it being removable though . 	interesting . i 'll look into it ! will it have sd storage ? 
samsung has n't given out the quick charge cords yet as far as i know 	ah , ok thanks . 
it allows people a choice between a premium feel and protection . i case my phone for work , but leave it nude for a night on the town . 	funny , i sometimes keep the case off from home and work but put a case on if i 'm going out and want extra protection . 
have n't most of the galaxy phones had protruding cameras ? the s3 did and the s5 does too . the only difference is that the back cover tapered up to the camera lens . 	my note 4 does , i had to buy a cover for it just so it wont touch the table when i lay it down 
calling all nexus users on lollipop .  do you ever see a delay after tapping the recent apps button ? 	nexus 5 user on 5 . 0 , here . consistent 1 second delay . but i 've heard it 's gone in 5 . 1 . 
if it 's only me , of course not . but it 's hard for me to believe i am the only person who feels this way . 	it 's not only you , but just like how it was when physical keyboards were on their way out . you need to accept you are part of a minority that is getting smaller and smaller every year . 
currently on s3 . was dying to get away , but i do n't think its gonna happen .  s6 here i come ! 	give the oneplus one a chance . best phone i 've used . 
i 'm pretty sure i never asked for a glass back . 	they would 've probably went with metal if it were n't for the wireless charging . 
if you are considering the note 4 , then all you need to take into account are : size , sd card and removable battery .  if those are important , then the note 4 it is . 	also s pen . it 's what makes the note a note and not just a big phone . 
calling all nexus users on lollipop .  do you ever see a delay after tapping the recent apps button ? 	gpe edition m8 , my phone is significantly more responsive than what was down by the s6 in that video . 
i fucking hate it . 	i just hate that games last for minimum 30 minutes . and first 30 minutes are boring as fuck . 
okay , i can trade . tell me when you 're online 	well i 'm free to trade now so just waiting for you to add me 
why ca n't he give you something useful , like a couple of table lamps ? your room is too damn dark , and you might trip over something . 	ha ! i was pretty drunk and got all artsy . now i 'm hung over , but i still have this stereo ! i 'll post more pics and details later today . 
yea , so basically , try to call someone in and then if they continue to be an asshole , call them out ?   	pretty much , yeah . but it can depend on context as others have pointed out , obviously 
i agree , canada should be moving funding away from the army towards navy and airforce . drop the frigates , and get 25 missile destroyers and 5 subs with at least two being nuclear . 	at the very minimum , please for the love of god , stop the leaks in our current submarines ! the very ones that britain planned on sinking ! 
nato is underfunded by its members , like us . we are not meeting our military expenditure obligations . 	ya i agree with you . that 's a pretty good point , not at all like the post i was replying to . 
you probably want a desktop or anything with an actual sound card . ca n't think of many if any laptops with a built - in sound card . 	i was worried about that . i wonder if there is a micro form factor desktop that could be built for this purpose . perhaps should go bug them . 
thanks . i was surprised when i saw you pop up on my f3 in 5th ; you must have been driving your tail off . i 'm looking forward to watching the replay .   	yea , unfortunately i do n't think i made any friends this race lol , it was cool to start at the tail and work my way up to being side by side with you for the lead . 
yea , unfortunately i do n't think i made any friends this race lol , it was cool to start at the tail and work my way up to being side by side with you for the lead . 	i appreciated you trying to help me back in to pack there towards the middle . draft model was having none of that though . 
its your hard drive . you have a slow spinning disk . your best bet is to replace it with a solid state drive . 	i 've been repeatedly hearing that and i think between that and a better video card will help a ton . thank you ! 
whats the one with all the numbers ? 	if you type the numbers into the color pallet thingy , you 'll get those colors ! 
it 's actually pretty poorly written you stupid dingus 	when you 're in a moment , grammar and perfect writing do n't matter . just let the dude have his moment . 
i want to but wo n't be in my new house until the beginning of june . i may do some potted tomatoes and peppers once i get there , just to have something but we 'll see . 	you can start something in pots now ! 
i ca n't wait to plant flowers and maybe i will try planting some veggies and herbs . hope it 's a good day for everyone ! it is for me , feeling loved on my birthday ! 	happy anniversary of your day of birth ! 
i have my very own backyard for the first time in my life , you better believe i 'm planting a garden ! 	do you have a vicious dog that will prevent me from stealing from your backyard garden ? just curious . 
i ca n't wait to plant flowers and maybe i will try planting some veggies and herbs . hope it 's a good day for everyone ! it is for me , feeling loved on my birthday ! 	happy bday to you ! 
do you have a vicious dog that will prevent me from stealing from your backyard garden ? just curious . 	no i have a 10 year old troll , and the sweetest most cutest baby boy boxer named winston who is my captain cutie pie . 
deer get half my garden as well . i still try . need a faster dog , 	or a bow and arrow .  then you get fresh deer meat . 
wow , that is superb ! the light and shade is awesome ! i love it , thank you very much ! 	and thank you for the great picture ! 
are you open ? i see a town but it 's not the one in your flair 	just closed for a quick second to add someone else . reopening now ! 
lead elixir prevents you from staggering upon taking a hit . you walk slowly but dodge fine . 	oh neat . i gotta try this . thanks .  have you tried using blue elixir 
my friend 4chan showed me how to do it . eh 's a pretty cool guy , etc . 	leaks nudes and does n't afraid of anything 
there 's not a finance company in the world who would have let you not carry full coverage . did you lie on some form about it ?  sounds like you 'll be paying out of pocket for repairs . 	i have no money to pay for repairs . i will just have a wrecked car . 
battlefield 3 , 4 . bad company 2 was awesome . 	yeah they were great too . i do n't mind the shitty graphics at all . i like the new ones a lot but the simplicity of the older games were fantastic . 
god , it 's stressful as hell . 	i have n't played past 3 hours of this game , too spooky . 
the suffering . level design and locations what make sense , mindfuck monster designs , slowly revealing story and lore of island make a genuinely creepy atmosphere . 	so glad someone mentioned this one . genuinely creepy for a 3rd - person shooter 
grey ? because my bottle says gray . : p if you want to trade something for my bottle let me know , i 'm not a big fan of it . 	i like the english spelling better than the american and for some reason my phone always cap locks that word .  i 'll check what i have for trade . do n't have much to be honest . 
i like the english spelling better than the american and for some reason my phone always cap locks that word .  i 'll check what i have for trade . do n't have much to be honest . 	interesting , i would n't have guessed it was an auto - correct thing . i thought you were putting emphasis on it to be snarky , and you even got me to double check the bottle on my desk ! 
i said common sneaker - sense . not expert lol . nobody is gonna call you out on that if the scales and suede matchup . 	true . honestly most people have never seen real or fake yeezys 
honestly , since im guessing that was totally on the fly , that was pretty solid . 	rock solid ? 
rock catapults . launch rocks at enemy to break turtle play . resets every 90 seconds . must hold for 6 seconds to fire . 	honestly , since im guessing that was totally on the fly , that was pretty solid . 
i 'd be surprised if it was in any condition to ever run again but the block might make a nice coffee table or similar 	i think you 're right . you could make some awesome gear head furniture . go get it 
i have a cuter version of this shirt from victoria 's secret . but i 'm not fat so it 's actually funny . 	i was going to say i love fries and its actually a awesome top but not when you 're fat . 
then why the fuck did you comment like you had a damned clue ? 	cuz half my family are marines , you fucking pog 
nice potato camera you got there . 	taken from about 250 feet , sorry 
i am really hoping that phil realizes that he can just leave .  he is n't going to get with melissa and i think he would chose abstinence over continued sex with carol , so he should move on . 	i ca n't even watch the show because i do n't get why he just does n't leave . his life is terrible there . if he ran into 3 people in a few weeks there 's probably more out there . 
chrono trigger ! love that game so damn much . 	this was my answer . i could play that game right now and still enjoy it . 
yep , same with the gba games , and i think it 's hit and miss on other platforms . it 's very cool . 	every classic playstation 1 game i 've bought has it 's manual included . 
yo i ai n't even mad . just calmly letting you know that you sound like a retard in your post . 	hey . bring it in . you need a hug . or someone to vent to . or to just stop being so rude . either way , you need to chill out . okie ? 
the way he wrote that makes it seem like he is n't going to be talking to him as much anymore . maybe merk is retiring . 	i feel like he 's the next pro to retire 
does n't the kgb no longer exist ? why do they keep referring to it ? 	some people know fsb . everyone knows kgb . 
if only i did n't live several states away . have fun man 	yup if only i did n't live 1500 miles away i can buy op four peaks . 
what does tomorrows date in particular mean ? 	47 is a significant number in the pm community . 
lots of smart people here ; that 's why the sub does n't suck .  do n't tell your friends about it . 	youre a bit clever , eh ? 
i imagine hes doing it to inherit his money , but now what is he going to do about his son ? manipulate him i guess . 	being the manipulator in the background has more power than the public face . 
does anyone know how these colors run ? yellow , neutral , etc ? 	i think the cushions run the tiniest bit yellow , unlike their bbs that tend to lean pink 
i have the lefty lucky cat for you , is there any chance you have the regular lucky cat in return ? it 's the only one i need for the lucky cat set . 	yep i have the regular one ill give you mine and order another one from the catalog .  the left one is the last one i need to complete the lucky set too ! 
are you calling for it ? 	how do you call for a lob ?   
i want a game that is all crash modes god i loved burnout . 	i do n't even play mario kart but i would buy the fuck out of another burnout game . 
nice ! how long did it take ? 	i did n't put an s but just firsts in general i 've gotten a lot throughout the years . varied between one shots and 2 to 3 months stuck on a boss gearing up to meet checks . 
i 've heard bloodborne is like blight town the game . i want it so bad , but at the same time i want to cry . 	blight town without the master key is first time player 's nightmare . it is only when you choose the master key you realize the pain you skipped . 
i 've heard bloodborne is like blight town the game . i want it so bad , but at the same time i want to cry . 	nah i disagree , i played it for a few hours and if you 're familiar with the souls series it 's fairly easy to jump into . 
wow nice , is this world of warcraft or something else ? 	wow and various other mmos i 've at least dabbled in pretty much every mmo brought to market , but i have seriously raided in quite a few . 
we will examine him , and then try him for war crimes . insanity is less of an excuse - he should have never been trusted at all . 	he was never trusted , he just took over when the country was having trouble with our government . 
please , even though he is a murderer , he still requires a medical examination . 	we will examine him , and then try him for war crimes . insanity is less of an excuse - he should have never been trusted at all . 
a sleeveless shirt at a wedding ? classy . 	there was also a man in a denver broncos jay cutler jersey . this was a couple years ago . 
nebraska checking in . this is where they are . 	lincoln resident here . can confirm 
god damn it . why are crazies always making texas look bad ? 	they only add to it . 
they used to have tattoo artists at events that would tattoo them on for free . a lot of people would n't turn down a free tattoo . 	you 'd like a monster tat for free ? i might be easier just to shoot you in the head instead . 
my fave is their own surname written across their back or down the arm . why ? you look like a fucking moron . 	just the name , yes .  but if you have a coat of arms , that 's pretty cool . 
i saw that thing on hundreds of trucks before i realized it was a deer head . most of my life i thought it was a weird dancing lobster . 	i remember someone once posted that they had always thought it was a man on fire . 
you 'd like a monster tat for free ? i might be easier just to shoot you in the head instead . 	never said i 'd get one . but a lot of people were in line for those things .  i mentioned in another post that i got a nascar tattoo . that was also at one of those events . 
similar to the people who have their child 's name tattooed to the neck , or southern cross on their back , the moustache on the finger , anything on the face . smh 	my fave is their own surname written across their back or down the arm . why ? you look like a fucking moron . 
as opposed to what ? a red bull tattoo ? what kind of savage do you take me for , sir ? 	the kind of savage that drinks peasant monster instead of master race red bull . 
bottoms up , and the devil laughs . think about it . 	it 's still white trash as fuck though . 
you 'd like a monster tat for free ? i might be easier just to shoot you in the head instead . 	naw , bullets cost money . 
yep , figure skating can cause birth defects . 	but not hockey . hockey is best . 
the kind of savage that drinks peasant monster instead of master race red bull . 	no love for full throttle ? 
the kind of savage that drinks peasant monster instead of master race red bull . 	chinese red bull incidentally tastes like monster . it 's also flat , which is awful 
my guess is nebraska . 	i 've only seen one monster tattoo in omaha . i see a lot of the monster logos on trucks . 9 times out of 10 the person driving that truck is under 25 and a huge douche bag . 
as opposed to what ? a red bull tattoo ? what kind of savage do you take me for , sir ? 	you 're saying you do n't have a 5 hour energy tattoo on your chest ? 
it means middle in chinese too . 	oh , did n't know that . i know it 's used a lot in chinese and also in the name for china in japanese . 
god damn it . why are crazies always making texas look bad ? 	hey , we are n't florida .  nah , seriously now , a lot of it has to do with our being so big a state . it 's a bigger net , bigger chance to have a crazy in the mix . 
because you have not upgraded your systems or havent changed your hull . if he got every high end system he can get with a sidewinder and you not it 's quit easy to kill ya . 	how is a newbie with 1 hour play time supposed to do that ? 
i know a couple fun routes , i 'm on the north east side . 	hey man i 'm down for whatever . you just let me know . i 'll try to be out tomorrow 
i have a ninja 300 . i just got my endorsement last week and i 'm just looking to cruise around town and get in some experience and explore the city . 	i know a couple fun routes , i 'm on the north east side . 
i 'm gonna use this in life .  if you switched your phone number with your social security number , what would your new phone number be ? 	what about a pick up line 
45 degree angle , small circles , hit each tooth for like 10 seconds on both sides . 	do you start from one end up top and finish off at the bottom or do you just keep in mind all the teeth you 've already hit ? 
pretty lame ending to an episode if it turns out to just be a fake - out . i think they both die . 	still not as bad a fake - out as everyone surviving a direct shot from spirit nuke cannon : d 
i can review your game if it can run on linux . just pm me when it 's ready . 	it 's a unity game , so it should work 
depends , do you even live in country ? state ? 	ma , usa 
does this mean we 're going to have a weekly meeting tommorow ? i do n't think there was one last week . 	if someone wants to hold it , i am leaving early friday morning for dc and have to go to bed early . 
so , do you think it would be best for me to stay with an amd card or just go intel and rethink that part of my build ?   	unless you have the money to spend on an i5 the amd cpu i have listed will be fine for gaming . 
but that 's the problem they are backup outside my borders , like the trains in the pictures are trying to leave the city . 	again , you need to make sure that this line is not connected to your internal rail lines . if everything 's on one network , all connected , it 's far more likely to lead to chaos . 
i like you . there 's not a single thing a person can say to offend me . 	beer tastes like shit . 
beer tastes like shit . 	yeah you would know . 
someone walks into your room , then leaves to door open as the leave . fuck you . 	or when they knock on the door and immediately barge in before you have time to react . 
people texting and driving . get off the fucking phone and pay attention . 	if i 'm in the car with someone who tries to text i tell them i 'll call the cops . and i 'm not kidding . i 've done it before . 
or when they knock on the door and immediately barge in before you have time to react . 	yeah , that 's pretty bad . knocking is to ask permission to come in , not to give the person a 2 - second warning to prepare for your arrival . 
people that drive slow in the left lane . 	gonna chime in here on the opposite side of the spectrum . when people feel like they need to be going 20 above the speed limit at all times . 
what type of cookies ? 	the kind made of sin , weirdness , and remorse . 
any advice for playing him ? 	he 's pretty legit mid if you are certain the game will end before 30mins . 
you 've obviously never had the joy of playing offlane or mid against a team with a chen . 	i know what it is like cus i play chen . i 've been spamming him recently . 
i do n't think they 're top 5 . they 're top 5 supports for sure among venge and lion . 	i may be wrong , but i think chen has the highest competitive win rate of any hero this patch . he pretty much an insta ban for most teams 
i may be wrong , but i think chen has the highest competitive win rate of any hero this patch . he pretty much an insta ban for most teams 	oh wow . but still i do n't think that matters . sniper , troll , jugg , axe , lion , and venge are still stronger in my opinion . 
what makes chen so strong in ur opinion ? 	his buffs to more early game and late game creeps multiplied his power , as well as the ability to control the ancient with a huge hp aura . 
go mid . spam shadow poison . be a dick . loose because of bad teammates . 	lose because shadow demon mid is worthless after the laning phase .  honestly what are you going to do with the farm you get ? might aswell go bane mid while you 're at it . 
not the insane damage or aoe stun ? 	im saying that if they didnt had flying movement they would be useless . since people can just chase and kill , everyone makes the familiar escape through the trees , which vs sniper cant work 
yeah i 'm fully capable of admitting i could be wrong on sd . he 's got a ton of potential . 	granted i may have a slight bias since i tend to love these kinds of heroes , but sd is the one i think is getting overlooked by the pro scene a lot . 
you definitely need to be thinking about a cpu upgrade . 	that 's what i was afraid of . i 'll barely be able to afford a gpu , so a cpu on top of that will be tough . 
there are smash taunts on certain characters , so this technically exists already . 	i meant like map all 4 buttons on the d - pad to a different character .  this may include mapping said smash taunts to different buttons 
beginning to make dolphin specific changes is a bad idea . 	i was thinking more user - made changes . 
yeah , i 'm almost completely sold on using them . we 'll see about the upfront savings though . 	yea , i ca n't promise it 'll be cheaper up front . it all depends on options . even with lumber there are differences in price based on certain factors . 
bully is son of principal , gets special treatment 	a story about a principle who 's son is a bully and is getting special treatment would make a hell of a local news story . 
why would someone hate atheism ? 	because of theism . 
riiight , got some stuff mixed up . just double strike then . 	nah , pearl needs triple strike . 
steven should be able to block any number of creatures . 	i had that as the original text but was n't sure if it would be too strong . i guess with defender it would be balanced 
you can also use a clean old mascara wand ! 	how do you go about cleaning those ? soap ? make up remover ? just water ? can you continue storing them in the tube or will they just get dirty again ? 
is it just me , or has the strike zone been generally pretty big and inconsistent so far this year ? i thought they wanted to make it smaller so we see more runs . 	i 've noticed the same thing . especially high strikes that i 've noticed are called more . 
i do n't want to watch this game because i know what 's going to be talked about all night . 	do you mean the ryan howard deal ? 
first woman baseball player commercial on right now . wat ? 	pitching to bill cosby no less . 
8 run first inning pls . 	watching cj shit the bed in an angels uniform is definitely my favorite thing to watch , next to the rangers fisting dat ass . 
that 's not normal . make sure both devices are logging in to the same region and are using the same account . 	okay but i just want to clarify my computer works fine with hearthstone and there are all of my cards . 
not familiar with tumblr but are the images supposed to be a resolution only used by ants ? 	no ! you can click on them to get the high res one 
sorry , the crayon or the liquid ? there are two by that brand on my list . 	the double ended crayon . 
i 'll let the other user have the eye cream . thanks for answering my question ! 	sure thing , thanks ! 
you ca n't just go around declaring shenanigans on innocent people , that 's how wars get started ! 	i 've seen this hole in person tho 
this is my hometown , by far one of the best parks i 've ever seen . especially for how new it is . mostly , if not entirely , developed by volunteers and fans of the sport ! 	if it was my home course i would do so much to help out ! i live 40 min away but will be 2 hours away soon 
first time i played there i was trying to get my disc out of one of the stream beds , and i skipped and fell . i was pulling thorns and stickers out of my hands and arms for a week . 	yeah , i have a nano - thorn fragment in my palm from playing there . still not coming out . but its a great course 
actually , this just moves the moisture somewhere else in your house . you really want to vent it . 	in most bathrooms i 've looked at , the vent just pushes air into the gap between the walls . that 's not properly venting it either . 
if possible just shower with the door open . 	actually , this just moves the moisture somewhere else in your house . you really want to vent it . 
atlanta is just doing what the pacers taught them a first seed should do . play poorly in the first round and lose to lebron in the ecf . 	pain . right to the dignity . 
we already proved star players do n't win championships without a solid team . their depth was already suspect , now it 's basically non - existent . 	real talk as the deeper you go in the playoffs the deeper the teams become . 
i thought hero ball was a good thing these days now , according to tnt . 	that is the worst tag line ever . hero ball is not a good thing . 
who in the east is scaring cleveland ? chicago is inconsistent . they could beat cleveland , but who knows what we will get from rose . atl is not looking impressive either . 	atlanta is just doing what the pacers taught them a first seed should do . play poorly in the first round and lose to lebron in the ecf . 
westbrook 2 . 0 	or lebron 1 . 0 
we already proved star players do n't win championships without a solid team . their depth was already suspect , now it 's basically non - existent . 	the cavs have no offensive depth whatsoever , and blatt was already working lebron and kyrie to the bone all season . it 's simply asking too much . 
we already proved star players do n't win championships without a solid team . their depth was already suspect , now it 's basically non - existent . 	the depth was perfectly fine until klove got injured . our first 8 on our roster all fit their roles perfectly well . 
grabbed 10 rebounds , 3 blocks and from watching the game i think he had 100 steals . he 's gonna have to step up big time . 	i would n't bank on it . trust me . 
can someone explain how this is different from the surface pro 3 ?  is it like a budget model ? 	basically a budget model . first non - pro surface to run full windows and offer pen support . has an atom processor rather than i - series processor . 
if the nets get to the finals i 'll stand outside the barclay 's center during every home game cause i ca n't afford a ticket . 	i would do that but i do n't live in nyc 
only a week ? 	you 're right , i would wear it till they repeat next year 
if the nets win the finals , ima order the finals shirt and wear it for a week straight 	if the nets get to the finals i 'll stand outside the barclay 's center during every home game cause i ca n't afford a ticket . 
ah that 's too bad - maybe one of your bosses would be receptive to giving you more hours . 	one job is n't but i 'll be talking to my other boss about more hours soon . 
no , rent is really expensive here and i do n't get enough work . 	ah that 's too bad - maybe one of your bosses would be receptive to giving you more hours . 
i 'll keep this short . you need to find a way to move out as soon as humanly possible . can you afford a small studio apartment ? 	no , rent is really expensive here and i do n't get enough work . 
am i the only one who sees springtrap from five nights at freddy 's 3 in the before picture ? 	springtrap before , foxy after . that 's some serious head canon : o 
unfortunately youtube is blocked at work , and i get a shitty cellphone signal . summary please ? 	mma is garbage , not a sport that shows talent . ca n't throw punches and rolling around like homo 's on the ground . filled with skin head white guys fighting other skin head white guys . 
man , i would have loved to see us get dgb . 	no dude he 's way too raw and i bet he never pans out . dude ca n't run a route . 
is it normal to have a spare pair of inside footwear for guests in your house ? 	i dont have one , and my friends are ok walking in socks while visiting . i 'm sure my parents have spare sleepers for the guests . 
is it common to have a hedgehog as a pet in poland ? 	not really , but you can spot them from time to time in city 's . 
if a hot chick deletes her account and does n't respond chances are she has a penis . 	this . brianna is a chick with a dick bro . 
this . brianna is a chick with a dick bro . 	there are no chicks with dicks , just dudes with boobs 
so why could n't we do something like elect a moderator , instead of having one arbitrarily appointed ? 	haha yeah , i 'd vote for you 
exactly . and very much the muscular liberalism type . my 2nd preference is the conservatives . 	fair enough . we 're probably quite similar in political views actually . i just have my own reasons for being with ukip . 
that 's true and uneven , inconsistent moderation is n't ideal either . 	nope . but remember , it 's not like moderators are paid to do this . this is n't a job , it 's a hobby . you ca n't expect perfection . 
try inspiring call . helps against removal and supports card advantage .  if you can live the dream , splash black for agent of fates and retribution of the ancients .   	with so many other double color casting creatures , that would be a difficult feat to overcome . 
resistance fall of man is much more of a challenge . yes games are not what they were but there 's a plenty good amount of great games that came out in the last ten years 	i 'm not saying fps now are not fun , they are just not as hard . 
i would pay to see that . the only thing that could possibly make it better is if al pacino was alfred . 	it is a movie so paying to see it is kind of the point . it 's like saying if you were given a plate of food that you would eat it . it 's kind of implied lol . 
it is a movie so paying to see it is kind of the point . it 's like saying if you were given a plate of food that you would eat it . it 's kind of implied lol . 	yea but on the other hand . i never paid to see night at the museum 2 , i waited to see it on tv . this batman movie i would pay to see it in theaters , or dvd rental . 
my vote is that he plays matt damon . 	robin ca n't play matt damon , silly ! 
i do n't think you should be messing around with ac . it 's a good way to burn down your house or at least get shocked . 	why mess around with ac ? the first thing i would hook up to the line would be a converter to 5v dc 
why mess around with ac ? the first thing i would hook up to the line would be a converter to 5v dc 	so you plan to run the light off 5 volts too or run a 120 volt light and switch power ? 
hero - by foo fighters  rewind - by nas 	good choice with hero by the foo . i did n't know the other one . both are very personal , following the life of one person 
i wonder if they realize that it 's really easy to see through such obvious lies . do they think they they can literally will the lie into a truth ? 	the gop has demonstrated quite clearly that when a lie is repeated often enough it becomes true . 
ok , thank you very much . i 'm sorry for the dumb question , i was just confused since the type r 's have such a broad rms range . 	yeah , i ca n't explain that . in all reality , you could run 5 watts to it if you wanted . you would n't know it was playing , but it would n't hurt it at all . 
that amp puts out 1200 watts at 2 ohms . why not buy dual 2 ohm subs instead of dual 4 ohm , and wire them to 2 ohms and get 1200 from the amp ? 	well from the research i 've done i thought it would be bad to over power the subs . and if they handle 1200 rms would n't that be over powered ? or would each sub get 600 rms ? 
sjw ideology is the very core of the scandal of corruption known as gamergate . it 's what caused it . it 's what continues to sustain it . they 're the one and the same damn thing . 	that does n't mean you get the flood the board every time one of them sneezes you moron . this shit about protein world and sad puppies has nothing to do with gg and had no business being here . 
which is why many subs turn to shit because power hungry mods ignore the views if the subscribers . 	if the subscribers get pissed because they ca n't post off topic shit then the subscribers are pretty stupid . 
word to the wise . just because you have friends who love your homebrew , does not make it okay to open a brewery . make good beer . 	just curious , have you tried any of their stuff ? i 'm from there and kind of hoping they put out some decent product . 
yup , this is generally true in ma as well . maybe there are workarounds , but the application clearly states that you need to give your address . it 's fucked . 	po box ? 
my mom always said never give a homeless person money , instead give them a nice meal . 	if you have a place nearby , pick them up a sandwich or two and something cold to drink . then you know where the money went . 
to what are you replying that to ?  me thinking you have n't ?  seriously though , just use a minute or 2 more , on your comments every now and then . 	apparently i do n't need to because you got it . now your grammar could use a bit more thought . 
also if you can carry around a case of water and give that out . you 'd be surprised how grateful they are just for a bottle or two of water . 	i 'll keep that in mind . 
if you have a place nearby , pick them up a sandwich or two and something cold to drink . then you know where the money went . 	as someone who was previously homeless , i would politely decline your food because i would have no way of knowing if you poisoned it or not . 
you seem like a genuinely good person . keep it up man . 	also if you can carry around a case of water and give that out . you 'd be surprised how grateful they are just for a bottle or two of water . 
unless i tell you specifically not to call , one follow up phone call or email is fine . more than that , and you start to annoy me . 	that 's what i figured . is it a wait a week or wait a couple days and try type of thing ? 
thank you commander obvious . 	you 're welcome captain douchenozzle . 
check out the honor buddy ban section . its going nuts . pretty sure it 's bot related . 	what is honor buddy ? those bots we see running around like chickens in bg ? or does it do something else ? 
rumor has it that 6 . 2 will be last major patch and the blizz will move to an annual expansion model . 	who knows . maybe . all i know is that arena season 2 and 3 has been datamined . 
i do n't know , but i got a three hour ban for it ! 	i got permanent muted on runescape for telling yo mama jokes . 
i wonder why the do this is big chunks once in a while , instead of just banning people as they are discovered ? 	i imagine it requires a lot of work . 
aparently my guild 's top melee dps got banned , god damnit guise . why ya gotta bot ? 	you know those bars that show how much dps you are pulling ? that 's actually the e - peen size , and he wanted to show he 's got the biggest one . 
thats not against the tos . but giving other you accounts credentials so they can play your chars for a server first is . 	i figured he meant boosting as in carrying . yeah logging into their accounts or sharing your account details to be boosted is a whole other story lol . 
today ?  you mean there are servers where guild spam in trade is n't a constant ? 	there was a drastic increase , and there were mythic progression guilds advertising . that is really unusual on my server . 
i wonder how many guilds are seeing their progression completely halted because of this , depending on the number of bans hitting it 's members 	we lost 3 members , on blackhand progress . kinda sad , but if they 're stupid enough to bot , oh well . 
that 's some steam level support right there holy shit 	naw , that is normal . he is fishing for information on what botting program got him banned . blizzard wo n't reveal any more information so botters do n't know what got them caught . 
yep i got banned for no reason too . awesome . 	must be casual random ban . 
indeed ! i 've dealt with a lot of customer service people in my time but never had someone simply refuse to be helpful or even the least bit empathetic . 	they are doing their job . he was fishing for information on which bot program got him caught . blizzard doesnt want to reveal that . 
good , you used hb in the past . glad you got caught . i 'm only sad it wasnt a permaban . 	wow , much salt . i 'm tempted to buy wow again just so i can send you pictures of me doing stuff while the bot does everything for me . but then again , who gives a fuck about what you think ? 
what is the chief usage of these bots anyway ? honor farm ? 	there 's a bot for pretty much everything in the game . 
with the amount of people trying to weasel their way out of their bans i 'm not really surprised at all . if you want real answers i 'd suggest using the phone . 	you ca n't , the blizzard help line was shut down a few years ago . it just directs you to the website now 
poor excuse . mashing buttons is not hard . 	true , but a beer in one hand and my dick in the other is a much better time . 
i do n't know , but i got a three hour ban for it ! 	i got permanent muted on runescape for telling yo mama jokes . 
yea that 's about right . it still hits hard because we do n't really have a bench so we ca n't actually raid 	yeah same problem here , been abit tight on trying to find new players , and then now a few more got banned , prob not going to raid for a while 
we lost 3 members , on blackhand progress . kinda sad , but if they 're stupid enough to bot , oh well . 	i feel like if they were botting then you have n't really lost a quality member . 
appreciate the one word answer . then why has nothing been done to this person and everyone on the server denies this ? 	they probably are monitoring him , if you 've reported him , to have actual evidence of his botting . just reporting someone wo n't result in an immediate ban . 
the problem with this is blizzard isnt even looking at the bans when people appeal . right now any appeals is getting automatically denied .   	do n't run a bot and you wo n't have a problem . 
it does n't help you to lie to everyone here as well as to blizzard . it literally wo n't change anything . let this help you shape up in your life ; you seem pretty fucked up . 	or maybe he 's telling the truth ? 
there 's that dude up higher that was banned and only logs in to do garrison missions according to him . 	i think hes using a botting profile to auto - log in and do the garrison missions 
the graphics code can run natively now with patches to wine if you have an amd card . i get about the same fps as windows , using directx 9 instead of 11 though . 	but why ? is it that hard to install a windows partition to you ? 
this is like an aim hack in counter strike . hackers claim to be just trying to keep up with the competition , but really you 're just cheating . 	yeah , and i admitted i cheated and i deserve to be banned . i knew it would be coming , expected it eventually , and had my fun dicking around with friends in the game . 
true but im lazy and enjoyed sitting back and doing nothing while chatting with friends . 	you could have done that in skype without ever opening the game . 
i wonder how many guilds are seeing their progression completely halted because of this , depending on the number of bans hitting it 's members 	we lost at least 2 members in our raid group . i 'm expecting 1 or 2 more by the end of the day . 
whats that i hear ? 6 . 2 will be really dull as well so you banned a bunch of bots to try and get some free good will ? nice try . 	a bunch ? u wouldnt believe how many player actually cheated on wow . if u used a bot once and would know their profiles and how they act u will see bots at every corner , its actually insane . 
that 's some steam level support right there holy shit 	indeed ! i 've dealt with a lot of customer service people in my time but never had someone simply refuse to be helpful or even the least bit empathetic . 
someone in my guild got an answer to their ticket , and apparently it was the ruby sanctum levelling boost they were banned for . 	guess that got banned for using a bot running the leveling profile , not for leveling in rs itself 
true but im lazy and enjoyed sitting back and doing nothing while chatting with friends . 	poor excuse . mashing buttons is not hard . 
for those who had active subscriptions , are those cancelled , or do you pay while being banned ? 	your account gets put in a frozen status .  the current game time you have will lapse but no more time will be added until the suspension is over . 
they are lucky that they are only getting 6 month bans . usually it 's permanent for botting . 	pretty much , used to be perma bans during the waves a couple years ago if i remember correctly . 
i got banned from the official forums once for making a helen keller joke . 	i do nazi anything funny about this , anne frankly i think you are rude . 
then why play ? why play if you do n't enjoy the content ? 	because as boring as the content is , its still better than other games to those people . same reason i still play wow . 
too many non - perm bans imo , wtf blizz . 	i think 6 months is pretty long already . 
check out the honor buddy ban section . its going nuts . pretty sure it 's bot related . 	all these people complaining they botted because the game was boring , why did n't they just spend their money somewhere else ? 
a bunch ? u wouldnt believe how many player actually cheated on wow . if u used a bot once and would know their profiles and how they act u will see bots at every corner , its actually insane . 	yeah i enjoy killing them when they all use the same bot program and something goes wrong . just piles and piles of guys to aoe kill . 
life is n't here for any purpose , except to simply exist . we 're here because we can be here . i feel like so much drama in this world could be avoided if this simple point was understood . 	that simple point scares the shit out of most people . it 's a lot less scary to live in a world with a structure that has a meaning and purpose . it 's comforting to most . 
no you fool , americans did nothing in wwii . now go sit in the corner and repeat 100x america sucks , russia saved us from the nazis . 	if you 're going to say that , then you might as well say that hitler ended the war in europe by extending into russia . 
yeah , the american is a bit closer to the camera , but the two koreans are about the same distance . 	it 's more than that though , the south korean is inline with the american while the north korean is slightly behind both of them 
til louie ck 's grandfather was russian 	the fuck does this have to do with anything ? i ca n't downvote you fast enough . 
yes and if the pinoy revolt had won they would have been a legal authority . as they lost the remain not 	i guess that 's a lesson to the brits , they should have tried harder to kill more american civilians . 
exactly . and they knew russia could play defense with their millions more of a population . 	their goal was n't to march onwards to moscow though 
when you go to portsmouth nh today they still have the japanese cherry blossoms that were given to the americans as a gift for helping with the peace treaty .   	there are also japanese cherry blossoms in dc . is this part of the same donation ? 
fuck . i should n't have gone digital . 	i hear you bud , fortunately i saw this post ! was most likely going to buy digital tomorrow . 
fuck . i should n't have gone digital . 	well to be fair most digital copies were priced a bit less than retail , at least on the us psn 
the beginning is c to g then it goes to a d to g then to the bb to f . with those notes you should be able to figure it out 	i 'll give it a try , but i do n't have my bass on me . thank you ! 
i was really happy when this popped up on my subscriptions feed . this guy makes amazing edits , and this is probably his finest work . my brain feels violated . 	i feel grateful that we have someone to create such silliness for us . 
used them on my house . great communication , flexible with closing appointment . 	awesome , thanks for the comment . i 'm glad to know my uncle is managing a tight ship . 
kind of breaks the balance and makes dex to damage much easier to get . 	if you really think that dex to damage on light weapons is balance breaking i 've got a bridge i 'd like to sell you . 
kind of breaks the balance and makes dex to damage much easier to get . 	eh , i only really play with friends so we 're not too crazy on this sort of thing and usually build for flavour anyways 
the message the mods button exists for a reason . 	good point , forgot about that link . will message them now . 
sometimes we have to call a board meeting . 	go into the oval office . 
1337 and seattle but overall think about taking a break and see if u wanna come to game in future ? 	i have though of this , and really i play too much . i am taking a big step in my life right now and feel like there are a few things i need to move on from including rs . 
nope . she 's indian , not white . 	yeah , but say going by their skin - tone alone ?  and a very , very small minority of indians are actually white . 
i always ask this question too . its a big red flag , imo 	i always asked this and tried to verify with social media .  it 's amazing how many white women are disgusted by the idea .  gives me hope for our race . 
damn they really do n't mess around . how long does it take until you are eligible again after cancelling ? i 've heard 6 months .   	it 's 90 days in ma . 
i leave , go to the local mexican joint , and get some real mexican food . 	beat me to it ! 
words ca n't express how disappointed i will be if the 2016 presidential election is bush vs clinton . 	it wo n't be . if a strong social conservative like him is on the ticket , it will be bush vs clinton vs another vote - splitting libertarian . 
yeah , but i think the difference is hillary will be the likely nominee , while jeb has a ton of legit competition he 's unlikely to overcome .   	we 'll see . i see him gaining traction and a lot of cooler talk . 
and if you 're under 75 years old you 're not using one of those i 'm guessing . 	if you do n't want to pay 30 dollars a month for cable , a 20 - dollar antenna is fine . not sure what your problem is . 
if you do n't want to pay 30 dollars a month for cable , a 20 - dollar antenna is fine . not sure what your problem is . 	especially now that there are like thirty free broadcast channels over antenna in certain places . that 's like what cable was in the 90 's . netflix fills in the rest . 
it 's a warning that your hp is not full , same for prayer and the special attack ! mark . happy to have other ways suggested to display these . 	would n't a better solution be healing someone fully prior to a fight ? 
thank you . this is a good point that i will include in our considerations . 	there are hundreds of people who will help if you just ask . this is n't a major factor , but taking it into consideration is good . 
why not give them to the countries that most want them ? 	i would love to see some kind of reverse auction put in place , but i worry it would be seen as a bit crude . 
may i ask you , in which country are you located ? 	england birmingham what about you ? 
it 's already on wtf 's front page ! 	good god man , get a life stat ! 
good god man , get a life stat ! 	i have a life . a nice one too ! and i can multitask . 
it 's his money to do with as he pleases , surely ? 	its still a waste of money . are we not allowed opinions anymore ? 
just listen to songs that you like and then try learning them on the guitar . 	is there anything i could learn theory wise ? scales and the like ? 
i grabbed the chest by the fence 5 times since i hoped it was there and waited before the end of the wolves event with friends . jump the fence and run down that hall . boom . thats easy . 	hmm . the more you know . i 've just been cycling between ember caves and the citadel for back to back events , and usually getting 2 - 3 openings per chest . 
if you do skywatch there are 4 different spawn spots for the chest . one chest you can get 4 times , two chests you can get 3 times each and one chest you can get twice 	i grabbed the chest by the fence 5 times since i hoped it was there and waited before the end of the wolves event with friends . jump the fence and run down that hall . boom . thats easy . 
i ca n't hear you ! 	what did you say ? the salt is blocking my ears 
if i were you , i would have gotten the g1 gaming edition of the 970 . come with a backplate and a higher base clock i believe , for not much more money . overall good build though , looks great 	yeah i got the gpu on sale , did n't know the base clock difference but i actually like the look with the absence of the backplate 
an official red ryder , carbine action , two - hundred shot range model air rifle 	you 'll shoot your eye out ! 
am i alright to give you a pm ? got a couple of questions you might be able to help me with ! 	feel free , i would be happy to help you out . 
a car with good gas efficiency . 	oh i have that . 1993 honda del sol . i 'll limp that thing along forever 
does this rely on you playing the previous games ? 	not really . it 's a dynasty warriors type game . or hyrule warriors . light on story , heavy on beating the shit out of shit . 
it 's your body . 	agreed . i guess with my post i was hoping to hear from those who have done the same . and their feelings years after . 
i 've made the appointment but now i 'm debating cancelling . i 've sat on the idea for a bit but maybe not long enough . 	wait a year and see if you still feel the same then . if you still decide to go with the tattoo you probably wo n't regret it . if you decide to not get the tattoo you have nothing to regret . 
at the end of the day it 's your choice , personally i would side with your friends on this one . 	i 've made the appointment but now i 'm debating cancelling . i 've sat on the idea for a bit but maybe not long enough . 
before plasma , oxy fuel torches were used , also on cnc tables . 	do you know what came before cnc tables ? thats one thing im really curious about . 
a small cnc router table . 	this sounds really interesting , im going to look into it more . i wonder how fast it can cut parts . 
i thought it was just pirate 's cove that was out of order .  there goes most of the theory , i guess . 	nothing says he was out of order ever since the last restaurant opened . for all we know , foxy could be out of order since a week before you start you first night . 
yeah , i think so . let me check real quick . yeah you 're good , i think most of them have base knockback so you wo n't fall down till later percents . 	anywhere i could find these exact percents , also is it different depending on which character is doing the ledge attack on fox ? 
relatively new to melee . just wondering what young link 's and ness 'best and worst matchups are . 	if you want to be competitive , especially with a non top 8 character , focus on one character . 
craft alchemy is great . the splash weapons are really good at low level , the utility items are situational but occasionally amazing , and you get to change fuse times after a few ranks . 	would you have a list of things that you can do with craft alchemy specifically ? both the gm and i are n't too familiar with crafting so that would help a ton . 
lobo is trash , not gonna lie expected more from a gold character . i got wrecked by a silver wonder woman lol 	level matters . 
i am in fact ! going to bed now though , so can we trade tomorrow please ? thank you for your patience . 	sure thing ! get to me when you 're online . look forward to hearing from you tomorrow . 
so with the curve do you keep it the same length or make the dart a bit longer to finish above the bust apex ? 	as others have said , it should still end a little below the apex . the curve is n't very pronounced , just enough to get the last couple stitches on the fold . 
no one here wants to read your diary . keep it to yourself . 	get out of my head , stop reading my mind ! 
it 's a lie ! i 've seen him win a game once . 	if you 're talking about alien , that was because dan won . we simply benefited from his victory ! 
it 's a lie ! i 've seen him without a beard and that 's what makes him cute . 	he is pretty damn cute without the beard , like a baby even . 
i dunno , i 'm pretty goddamn cute but i always lose . 	i think you would have a better chance if you wore the tiara to more game nights . 
i 'm bad at games . but i am cute . and also perpetually single . what are my chances of winning said games . 	i dunno , i 'm pretty goddamn cute but i always lose . 
do n't you tempt me , i will fucking show up to game night wearing a tiara . 	well if you do i think you would win at life , and therefore board games . 
do n't you tempt me , i will fucking show up to game night wearing a tiara . 	i will buy you a beer if you show up and wear the tiara .   
i 'm bad at games . but i am cute . and also perpetually single . what are my chances of winning said games . 	all depends on the game , the more social ones would be your best bet . 
i think you would have a better chance if you wore the tiara to more game nights . 	do n't you tempt me , i will fucking show up to game night wearing a tiara . 
i dunno , i 'm pretty goddamn cute but i always lose . 	it 's a lie ! i 've seen him win a game once . 
every . single . fucking . game . ive done my homework just let me play . 	hope you can play with yourself until psn is back . 
i 'm not sure how he meant his answer but in my interpretation he was saying that after countless lives every being will be liberated 	but why do you entertain such a notion ? right now there are infinitely more number of beings with wrong view . and wrong view is cause for wrong results , not the right one . 
honest question : what establishment outside of buddhism has said that buddhism has a mastery of both philosophy and psychology ? or is this just your personal sentiment ? 	mindfulness is well recognized in the field of psychology and buddha advocated essentially the same thing . 
times have changed in 2 . 5k years . do n't you think the buddha teaching today would use science , aka analysis and reason ? 	that 's meaningless . anything literally is anything if you insist that it be interpreted under the light of the person saying it having all the qualities you wish they did . 
yes , that is what it is about , the self . a healthy mind is good for a healthy everything else . 	and here i am , conventionally , thinking it is about non - self ! 
times have changed in 2 . 5k years . do n't you think the buddha teaching today would use science , aka analysis and reason ? 	the dalai lama said buddhism will adapt after scientific discoveries if there was anything found to be scientifically wrong within buddhism . 
my favourite part is where he says lallana and shaw were n't playing before he came . 	is n't it because lallana was injured for the first half of the season before he took over and shaw was probably still in school ? 
the good things about the cards i 'm running is that i find they are never bad top decks . you can level warden , monstrous lion , or regen death dealer . and rhino goes without saying . 	do you run sorin ? i always feel like he is good fit for this deck but have n't play tested it extensively and would be curious as to your thoughts . 
easy way to simulate this , put a gopro in it 's water proof case and run it around inside your tank . i did this and made a movie out of it , it was pretty cool 	dude i 'd love to see the movie ! 
: o : 	: 0 : 
: b : 	: o : 
: v : 	: b : 
if a butterfly farts within a city block , it 'll throw you off . 	never underestimate the butterfly effect . whether it be a flap of its wings or a fart . 
what was the nib size from the factory ? 	ah , it was a m nib to begin with . 
i still believe in bobby mac . secondary talent is above average , we 'll see it when we finally get that pressure on the qb 	i love our dbs . i think they have what it takes to play lights out . 
this happens to me when my gpu over heats . for some reason the fan does n't turn on when i play csgo . no idea why . i have to manually turn it on . maybe this is the issue for you ? 	your fan not turning on made me laugh . 
people are aware there are poor white kids , right ? 	i testify ! i was once a poor white kid . 
wtf ? no it does n't . that 's complete horseshit . that saying has nothing to do with being poor . i dare you to find evidence to the contrary . 	go to the hood and ask about what the struggle is you ignorant little shit . is that sufficient evidence . 
has it changed the taste of your coffee from good to bad ? 	it 's definitely not nearly as good or flavorful as before , the grinder is giving me lots of much bigger chunks mixed in with the correctly sized ones . 
do you still have any by any chance ? i 'm interested . 	no more in stock , but i 'll be printing more as soon as i fix my printer , which should happen in a couple days . 
really upset i missed out on these . i got the most recent galaxy release though . not sure when it would be appropriate to wear them since they have that glitter on them 	it 's printed , not glitter , probably supposed to be stars . i only wear them to football 
looks like a mourning dove . you should mourn for it . 	we will deal with our grief after we solve the mystery . 
because it 's worthless clutter . no one cares what you 'll change your flair to . 	i care . 
how does fruit hoops compare to other fruit loop juices ? 	honestly it 's my favorite . it 's like the sugary end of the box fruit loops and milk . 
what 's the last book you read ? 	the road by mccarthy . was pretty good 
because people always show strangers at the movies their private texts ? 	it 's pretty easy to see the screen of someone 's phone that is sitting shoulder to shoulder beside you . 
what 's that ink ? looks nice ? 	noodler 's blue . i loaded it up in an empty lamy cartridge with a syringe . 
noodler 's blue . i loaded it up in an empty lamy cartridge with a syringe . 	cool . i 'm gonna give it a try next time i go to my local ink store . thanks ! 
its part of hank 's character . even though the evidence is laid out for him , he is blinded by the love for his family , including walt . 	exactly . they reinforced this concept on the show with gus and the dea captain . in both cases , the bad guy was so close to them that they were dismissed . 
i find myself on the same page as you more often than not , but it 's clear - and was clear during the match - that there 's no attempt to use the arms , here . 	i honestly did n't see it at the time . my only point is i 'd like to see another angle before i start talking about yellow cards and bans . 
a welshman saying the scots were off their feet during that game is hilarious . 	he 's off his feet in this video is what i said . he is , and so is jenkins . 
update : asked her for her number and she never followed thru , shit , her loss . on to the next swipe 	i 'd say more your win . that pussy was definitely gonorrhea infested . 
so um . about those developers . who are they , because i never hear or see anything about those poor souls ? 	probably outsourced to overseas asian dev labor . it 's the american way . 
man , wu 's game looks like one of those games that tv shows make up just to use as a prop video game an actor is playing . 	for a second there i thought you were just saying it looks like old shitty cgi crap .  dont touch my reboot bruh . 
she wants the exposure while still being able to work that patreon angle afterwards . she wants to have her cake and eat it too . 	his actions really are consistent with someone who wants to maximize patreon income . 
oh jesus christ we 've had a quiet couple days . did someone forget to hang the garlic on the doors and windows ? 	forgot the blood over the doors , garlic only works during weekends . 
so they do bag searches and have police on site in addition to security staff . what more does she want swat teams and bulletproof glass ? 	no , she wants us shot on sight 
uhh cars have had that tech for about 30 years now . my e30 has a panel that tells me when coolant is low , oil is low , headlight is out , brake light is out , etc . 	my favorite thing about the e30 is the check button , to make sure none of your warning lights burned out . 
lots of cars do that now . some wont even start or go into gear if a brake light is out . 	i 'd be pissed if my car did this when i was trying to drive it to the parts store to get new bulbs . 
perhaps you should have just replaced the burned out bulbs . 	i did , it said i had burnt out bulbs when i never did . 
uhh cars have had that tech for about 30 years now . my e30 has a panel that tells me when coolant is low , oil is low , headlight is out , brake light is out , etc . 	same here . ca n't drive it at night due to my right side running lights being off due to a short . thankfully , my check panel caught that for me and saved me the trouble of dealing with cops . 
my favorite thing about the e30 is the check button , to make sure none of your warning lights burned out . 	my dad used to have an e30 before i could drive , i remember thinking that feature was brilliant . 
batteries . they will be the gold standard in our post apocalyptic future . 	i agree , especially rechargeable type if you had a solar or dynamo powered charger  
flying easy nowadays with yoga , but seo guru is difficult knit 	yes seo is too much tough now a days . 
it 's less about ethnicity and more that it seems hollywood is just attaching a top actress name to draw a crowd . 	that 's pretty much how movies work . 
it 's less about ethnicity and more that it seems hollywood is just attaching a top actress name to draw a crowd . 	i get it when it 's like noah when everyone should be middle eastern . is the movie even set in japan ? 
her talents continue to impress me .  she seemed genuinely surprised at the reaction by the audience to her performance . 	well , if she 'd stop using auto - tune and singing pop - shit , she might get that reaction more often . 
since you can queue in full parties . my fc is holding races tomorrow night 	oooo nice ! glad to see another party friendly option . 
what about something like the g - box ? 	worked on one for a buddy this weekend . i thought it was a pos . i stand by my previous suggestion . 
exchange it and see what happens , you might end up with a good one . it 's a shame because it has the potential to be a great tablet . 	exchange it through htc ? bought it at best buy a little more than a month ago , beyond their gracious 15 day return policy . 
is it for gaming ? 	yes , i play quite a bit of cs : go but also have games like bf3 and 4 far cry 3 , would i be able to play these at a decent frame rate ?   
completely agree , i never feel comfortable going in to half time with a 3 goal advantage . 	i 'm ca n't express my fear when up one goal in the last 5 min . no matter what you do , a scoring chance is coming . 
even the people who paid high prices because they thought they would n't be reprinted ? 	yes . that 's the risk you take . 
i do n't want ship duty that badly . 	thank you for the gold , mate . 
i do n't want ship duty that badly . 	you 're going to go places in this navy . 
i do n't want ship duty that badly . 	i never said it was a good idea .  the first question you should really ask yourself , is what do you want to do in the navy . 
the dealer explained the test to me as :  pay dealer to change oil return at 1 , 500 miles they 'll measure how much oil is left to determine if this warranty extension applies or not . 	that could be interesting as i change my own oil . i guess i need to give them a call then . thanks for the info . 
so you think the best part of most useful destiny addition since launch is being able to troll people with internet video ?  cool story 	eh , slight exaggeration . take a joke , mate . 
well shit time to get game threads for kentucky games ! 	like idk who will be better ultimately but yeah i think he 'll be a great pick . 
we should check that out to see how many team won with a center that was bad on the defensive end . 	i 'm fairly certain it is only the miami heat 
he 's recently moved up to the 2nd spot in dx 's mock . with mudiay 's cba season cut short , i 'm worried he might go top 3 . 	yeah i 'm liking him more and more but idk if he 'll drop if we do n't get in the top 3 . what happened to mudiay ? 
dude i think he 'll be the real deal . 	well shit time to get game threads for kentucky games ! 
honestly , im not qualified to give you any specific advice on music production but i would still like to tell you that i think your music is awesome . i followed your soundcloud . 	thanks ! i saw the follow ! thanks josh . 
if the guy needs to make money you ca n't tell him to send to a label which just started 	and you ca n't just exactly start making money with shitty quality music . your music has to be liked in order for buyers to start piling up . 
what time and when ? i 'll bring my gas powered bicycle . 	you mean motorcycle ? 
but that does not and did not prohibit the country from fighting . it was n't like the end - game was burning the white house . 	noone really won the war but it 's like score . british 1 americans 0 . and the americans lost more soldiers so you might say 2 - 0 . 
perhaps , but it was a bit misleading to imply that the british were n't intending to or capable to staff their own carrier . 	without us assistance with training an equipment naval aviation for those countries would be too expensive and most likely cut altogether . 
i think we 're about ready to abandon most of the rest of the world , honestly . we 're tired of the never - ending criticism and lack of appreciation . 	as long as we benefit from global trade , we will at the minimum keep the sea safe . 
hahaha i 've totally seen this before ! but it must 've been years and years ago . thanks for showing it to me again . 	yeah , you should probably watch the whole series . some of the best television ever . 
i 'm not trying to prove anything , i made a joke and you 're arguing semantics to be right on the internet , or something .  i think you should seriously read yourself over , man . 	so now you are trying to turn your pedantic comments into a stand up routine ? 
of course , but i 'm just speaking to convention . the viking settlements in labrador were small and eventually failed . 	point i was trying to make was that it was doable . 
just wait . canadians always find a way 	we 'll pour maple syrup on the group and glue your cars in place . that will show you americans , eh . 
makes you realize how absolutely gigantic the pacific ocean is . 	there 's a reason why it 's called the blue planet , and not the green nor brown planet . 
yea except its for training , not permanent presence 	had i only known i would n't have to be present for training , school would have been so much easier . 
nor would it benefit those allies . it does n't give them any geographical advantage .  unlike , say , us bases in the middle east , which obviously help the us to be closer to the action . 	the exception would be having a large multi - national training base . that would benefit us and our allies .  instead we simply host multiple other nations military at different places , etc . 
ever play risk ? what does it mean when your army is on the country ? yep , same thing in real life . edit : typo 	we have to keep at least one guy there . 
the exception would be having a large multi - national training base . that would benefit us and our allies .  instead we simply host multiple other nations military at different places , etc . 	we do bring other countries to the us to train . 
does n't our navy dwarf like the next 20 closest nations combined ?  like our navy alone could single handily defend our sea borders against the entire earth 's amphibious assault capabilities . 	as long as you can get the ship engines to run on air , then sure 
the french and italians both have their own carriers and the british do n't use the american system for carriers .  can you expand on your point ? 	without us assistance with training an equipment naval aviation for those countries would be too expensive and most likely cut altogether .   
though it is in a strategically safe location . 	that 's not the point of military bases . 
nor would it benefit those allies . it does n't give them any geographical advantage .  unlike , say , us bases in the middle east , which obviously help the us to be closer to the action . 	just wait . canadians always find a way 
and you 're wearing a canada hat ! 	do n't you mean canada is wearing american pants ? or are we sick of these jokes yet ? 
which is sad since the rest of the world still has its own racist elements . 	and those are just as bad . but we are talking about the us . i thought it was worth mentioning considering their history and immigration problems . 
i 'd call the whitehouse on fire a loss . 	so if we got into a war with russia today and we straight - out destroyed the russian white house , they would have no choice but to concede ? 
likewise . i was not happy about that extra . 13 . 	that 's like a block and a half in my neighborhood . if i do n't end on a corner at an even number i 'm not satisfied . totally unacceptable . 
ending on those odd distances makes me anxious . 	i thought that was just me . i 'll do loops around my block to reach . 5 or finish out the mile . 
i think it is an item you wo n't be able notice in the game and does n't matter 	that 's why i sold my barbs . they were just the regular ones but you can barely tell it 's equipped . 
yes , in my experience it 's normal with inventory , holidays , etc . i would n't worry - it just means they are not able to take orders at the moment . 	cool , thanks for the info . i have reward points with them i wanted to spend before i go buying elsewhere . got any advice on another reputable vendor while i wait for them to come back up ? 
anyone remember the movie tremors ? 	one of my favorite movies of all time . 
no , those are construction workers just wearing yellow gear . 	nah , the banana is in one of their pockets . 
thank you for your answer . i already got the screen protector off , but i 'm scared i may have scratched the edge of the screen with the credit card . do you think that is possible ? 	yes hard plastic can and will scratch the screen if not used properly . 
wow , nice price 	was all luck . i do n't often charge stuff like that . but it was a small stack of promotional deals on something i was already there to buy . 
not all 280x are as nice . windforce is a nice cooler too , but stuff like sapphire 's dual - x or amd 's official cooler are insanely loud . 	can confirm , sapphire dual - x 280x is loud as fuck . whines like a fucking wind turbine when i boot up something heavy on the gpu . 
your username is chloe trestman and you think other people are lowering the bar around here ? 	oh man , you got him with his joke username . does n't invalidate his point . 
my place went down for chinese new year too . i do n't understand it . pm incoming , but my place took 3 - 4 weeks for the last two orders as well . 	chinese new year is like their only holiday . people will take off a month . 
in all honesty though , we can work with this . alshon is a future marshall . what we did n't have , and now maybe have room for , is a speed guy . bright side to this - hopefully . 	i like alshon , but he only has the potential to be marshall . he is not there yet , and very well may never be . 
what ? what the fuck does cutler have to do with this at all ?   	he talked shit about cutler being overpaid and now he 's gone . 
yeah , i 'm not expecting too much , just trying to look on the bright side . 	fair enough . i 'm not in the frame of mind to look on the bright side at this moment in time . i 'm going to go pop a beer now . thanks for making be drink at noon pace ! 
could you buy a cutler jersey ? 	i bought a jersey for every person he got one for and i also have a cutler jersey . he 'll be traded within the next two weeks . 
awww , you can have him back . and keep the draft pick too . sorry to upset you stitch . 	no , i am fine with it , thanks for the early 5th round draft pick though . 
you 're absolutely right . anyone claiming otherwise is just practicing blind homerism . this is addition by subtraction . 	what world do you live in where a 5th round rookie benefits a team more than a top - 5 receiver ? 
you mean michael irvin , the man who used to buy cocaine from criminals , is going to tell me not to support criminals ? 	but his commercials on nfl network are so convincing ! 
damn right ! just wish he broke the record as a bear . 	he broke tons of records as a bear , just not that particular one , which was kind of contrived anyway . it was just there to give him another record to break . 
he talked shit about cutler being overpaid and now he 's gone . 	lol . you ca n't be serious . yeah , that was the deciding factor in trading him . wow . 
you say that like he does n't still have 3 - 4 years of elite production left . this is a terribly stupid trade . 	3 - 4 ? come on 1 - 2 at best . 
why the fuck would we trade him ? i just do n't get this move . 	was n't good for the locker room .  getting older .  more draft picks .  if we did n't trade him he was gonna get cut .   
ca n't control his players ?  he probably has n't even met most of them . 	so how do you cut a guy who has produced ? 
welcome to the dark ages . i 'll just continue to laugh at all the delusional fans that think this team is gonna be good next year 	i do n't see why they ca n't compete this same team was 1 game away from the playoffs two years ago and we 've improved our defense .  we ca n't be worse than last year . 
this is exactly what i said to my friends , it will force cutler to look for other options . 	in 2013 , marshall got one more target per game than jeffery . 
2 games come on man . 	how many tanking teams win a lot of games ? 
buy classic bears jerseys .  peppers ? lol dood you brought that on yourself . 	i have to say i always thought of him as a hired gun and not really a true bear . 
there is no wasting a pick if they turn out to be a star player . 	the point is we have a star wr in marshall and need stars on d . now we need to use a pick to get back to where we were ? 
too bad you 're not smart enough to come up with your own comeback . 	you 're just too dense to get it .  get out of here . back to mommy 's basement . 
depends on where you get yours . mine came out crisp . 	how have i not know about this fake jersey market ? about how much do they run ? 
it is my measured opinion that unless you 're getting someone at a calvin johnson level , you should n't spend ultra high picks on skill position players . 	just upvoted a packer fan for the first time .  i feel dirty 
should n't regret hester imo . he will always be a bears legend to me . 	damn right ! just wish he broke the record as a bear . 
holy shit you 're right , i never noticed that 	deer god ! 
in germany you get actual money back , which you can exchange for goods and services . 	but the money that you get back was added on to the original price , was n't it ? 
then do n't . you already save a ton of money by not driving . 	still an extra buck fifty on every sixer i buy that i 'm not getting back . 
you mad ? you sound mad . hey guys , i think he 's mad ! 	why would i be mad ? jealousy ? i actually got gold two days ago on my real account .  and i did n't repeat a joke either . my comment was original and funny . 
in germany you get actual money back , which you can exchange for goods and services . 	but you get less money back than you need for fuel to actually bring the cans back to the store . also , metal slug is way more fun than getting a few cents . 
do you have to wash the can before hand ? does it accept bottles ? specifically beer bottles ? 	no need to wash the can , they said it accepted small water bottles so i 'd imagine beer bottles would work as well 
if i had to return that crap to get a few of my dollars back i 'd be pretty peeved , just saying . i do n't drive . 	then do n't . you already save a ton of money by not driving . 
deer god ! 	dog reed ? 
you thought you were meant to stick your dick in that hole , i know 	well at first yes , but then i realized the hole was too small 
i 'm not sure i had the same thing in mind when i first saw this 	you thought you were meant to stick your dick in that hole , i know 
risky click of the day .  edit : i did n't expect this comment to be viewed so negatively . i was actually just relieved that it was n't a picture of a naked japanese man when i clicked on it . 	nice meme . 
we can do the dew . 	it 's what plants crave . 
ca n't wait for the sequel . 	half - life 2 : pick up the can edition : episode 1 ? 
instructions unclear . dick stuck in arcade game . 	i would totally stick my dick in there , but the hole looks waay too small . 
ugh , these puns are garbage 	i hate these trains and all the trash who participate . 
itt : people with dicks the size of a can 	is n't that the average girth 
would think so yeah but it depends on the liquid . 	beer is mostly water so the answer is yes . 
if i had to return that crap to get a few of my dollars back i 'd be pretty peeved , just saying . i do n't drive . 	it kind of shafts people who do n't have a car . 
ugh , these puns are garbage 	a waste of space really . 
do you hate context ? 	but why give context to a random comment repeating ops joke ? why not make it a separate comment ?   
instructions unclear . dick stuck in arcade game . 	glory hole gaming . 
instructions unclear . dick stuck in arcade game . 	checked the comments for this post right here . 
instructions unclear . dick stuck in arcade game . 	this is in japan . that would necessitate that it would be set up for lipstick - recycling instead . 
half - life 2 : pick up the can edition 	half - life 2 : episode 2 : episode 1 : pick up the can 
the funny thing is the iron duke has more tuning potential than the 2 . 8 	yes and no . the sound though - the 2 . 8 makes the most wonderful sound . 
is that what they call marriage ? 	i can tell you 've never been married . 
why just attractive girls ? does n't this go for all young people in new cars ? 	it applies to anyone who appears young . i have a new car , i 'm not attractive but people do assume someone bought it for me 
yea i feel like it does n't apply , dads still buy cars for their daughter even if they 're ugly 	pfff i do n't have a car and i 'm ugly af . 
man if it 's a chick doing it who even cares . 	so you like it up the ass ? gay ass . 
butcher 's knife .  that 's all . 	you 're better off digging a hole in the dirt in majula and dumping your petrified dragon bones in it . 
i 'm in bed all day recovering from flu . nevertheless your photos gave me a raging election .  that 's right , you are so hot you temporarily heal the sick with your hotness 	glad i could make someone feel a little better temporarily ! : d 
why does the bird only drink from the little yellow floating thing ? 	it probably tricks it into thinking it 's a flower . 
i 'll be honest . whenever i 'm on a hike and hear the deafening buzz of a hummingbird , all i picture is a wasp the size of my fist . 	how small hands do you have ? 
i was going to make a joke about the perfectly timed lawn mower in the background before i realized the sound was real . 	sounds like the music on that old shockwave . com game where you play tennis with the garage door . 
this was so relaxing to watch . i felt like i was sitting on a patio with a glass of fresh squeezed lemonade just watching the world go by . 	halfway through the video i went to scratch my cheek and had a split second heart attack because i thought i 'd scare the bird away . 
we were all reminded what a stereotypical reddit post looks like earlier today , everyone is just trying to do their part to keep reddit the same . 	i 've been at work all day please share which one ? or do you mean this one haha 
why do i feel like we 're writing an essay for you ? 	edit : please respond in 3 - 5 paragraphs with at least 5 sentences per paragraph . 
from what i hear , it got bought out by another company and recently updates have shown to be using your pc to mine bitcoins . this might be false info , but thats just what i remember hearing . 	there is indeed nothing wrong with utorrent for pc . simply read during the install process and decline all 3rd - party offers as usual . 
or its just a better coach . trade coaches , who would win the super bowl this year ? 	you may have a point there . mccarthy got exposed in the nfc championship game . 
idk about other threads , but i just looked at this guys prices after i saw this post 	you 're fucking delusional lmfao . i only have 1 item in my store that is above market and thats a . 15 float cyrex .   
you take a trip to japan or germany , and buy one at the store . 	i dare you to find a villager in store anywhere in the world . i dare you . 
i 've taken an iq test once , and i dont personally think it 's an accurate measure of intelligence . taking it multiple times would defeat the purpose of it , dont you think ? 	i 'll give you credit for being honest . someone once said that the average reddit i . q . is 140 . 
soloing with hbg is all about knowing when to use what kind of shot and when you are free to attack . and just search youtube for solo hbg , should find a bunch . 	i think my main problem was just not targeting well . i thought about doing that , but i 'm not sure which are good to learn from , but i 'll give it a shot . 
unless you were losing weight without trying then this is just repetitive stress injuries . your posture will change and you will see less pain over time but it is n't a single issue fix . 	have you heard of neck strain issues in conjunction with flashes ? 
could be . babies are weird . have you rubbed her gums to see if you can feel teeth ? 	no i have n't . i tried to look because i read you can see a color difference or something like that but could n't really tell . i will rub them next time she 's awake . 
no disagreement , but everton won zero games in the fa and league cups which is a massive disappointment regardless of the demands from other competitions . 	i did n't actually realise that . that is disappointing . hopefully we can have a good push on at least one of them next season as it 's been way too long since we lifted a trophy ! 
on a side note , if anyone has tickets and decides they ca n't go , send me a message . i work just down the road , but missed out on the sale . 	get on the everton are n't we twitter page . they retweet every spare that people want to sell or pass on and they 're pretty much always face value . 
i think a run in a domestic cup would 've killed us to be fair . next season it looks like we wont have europe so i think a domestic cup run will be much more valuable then 	no disagreement , but everton won zero games in the fa and league cups which is a massive disappointment regardless of the demands from other competitions . 
i ordered one too . hope to get it soon . think the material is too heavy for summer wear ? 	it 's light . mine came in on saturday , gonna give it a wash before i wear it . 
which shipping company delivered it ? 	yes , it was usps first class mail . it even has a tracking number on the box , so it 's too bad that was n't provided to me . 
that was in response to your lack of proof comment .   	i fully understood that - had to look back in the article to see that she had , in fact , admitted to putting them up . pretty dumb thing to say in print . 
the jumping is a bit different , but by the looks of the gameplay for mkx , i think the jumping will be similar to injustice . idk though it 's kinda hard to tell until you play it . 	it seems like the ninja characters still have the mk9 front flip jump . 
remember he did n't have any devil fruit powers at that time . too be fair he had managed to garner quite a reputation even without his powers . 	i 'm pretty sure he had the darkness fruit then . ace was after him so he had to have killed thatch and taken the fruit already . 
not really sure , blackbeard is an extremely complex character . 	yeah , that why so many people buy into the cerberus theory . 
i 'm pretty sure he had the darkness fruit then . ace was after him so he had to have killed thatch and taken the fruit already . 	he had it , but i do n't think he had eaten it . he seems to be swimming when the knock up stream destroys his ship . 
not really sure , blackbeard is an extremely complex character . 	plus we know very little about his actual personality or intentions . 
that 's what i kinda figured but i know nothing about that sort of stuff so figured it would n't hurt to ask ! 	it comes up here every few days . with cars and houses . it is a mess no matter what . banks do not care what the divorce paperwork says . 
they are either scamming these people or they wear out their equipment unreasonably fast . 	the price seems right for me . its for all equipment - cameras , lenses , lights and accessories . 13 days of shoot - similar price to rent . 
there are an awful lot of line items for the outcome . 	have you ever been on a big production like this ? there is an awful lot of shit that needs to get done , and all of it costs money . 
cool . do one job and retire . you can make an entire television series with this money . 	you must live in somalia . 
i 'm assuming you 're not married . 	same thing i thought . even though my wife asked me about our wedding date it was n't really much of a question , not that it really matter to me though . 
i 've made 7 gallon boils happen on my home gas range , as well as my shitty old electric range in college . took awhile , but it worked . 	that 's a mighty fine gas stove you have . i had a hard time getting 3 gallons to boil , and the boil was very soft . 
that 's not going to happen in a stove top . 	i 've made 7 gallon boils happen on my home gas range , as well as my shitty old electric range in college . took awhile , but it worked . 
i do n't believe they have to read scarlet letter anymore 	a junior in high school currently , we read the scarlet letter first in the year . 
really ? gatsby by is practically a soap opera . there is much more to american literature . 	yeah but i only know those two because of english class . 
donated as in pay for the school board members who want to ban her book to go do the first grade , implying they must not be able to read if they 're trying to ban her book . 	oh that makes sense now , thank very much .  edit : i 'm feeling generous , enjoy the free gold ! 
i 'm pretty unfamiliar with the virginia stereotypes and would love to hear about them and why this whole story may be unsurprising to you . 	just general southern things like high confederate affiliation , racism , and inbreeding are the stereotypes .   - am from maryland 
i do n't know , suffolk public schools were pretty integrated , but then again that was only 5 or 6 years ago 	them and norfolk are fine , afaik 
i liked the stranger if we are talking about literary works that are focused on in the education system . 	i have yet to read it . so it 's worth while then ? 
hahaha , alright man , whatever you say . it 's amazing how ignorant people can be . 	yes it is the south amazes everyone with their ignorance . 
was n't she screwed out of a bunch or money recently too ? 	yeah , she was . by her former agent or lawyer or something ? 
that 's so fucking epic . 	the word has lost all meaning ; you 've killed it . 
the word has lost all meaning ; you 've killed it . 	it 's a sad day for the english language . the book was a novel , not an epic . 
to try and get the kids to forgive them for making them read stuff like scarlet letter and other stuff that 's almost written in a different language because of their age . 	ugh , the great gatsby is a bag of shit . the scarlet letter was actually worth reading . 
i dislike the great gatsby more and more every time i read it , but i think that 's part of the point of the book 	the characters are all asses . i find nothing redeeming about any of them , but i always enjoy the many different ways my students interpret the book . 
democrat . the southern conservative racists started migrating to republican after the 1964 civil rights act but the south did n't go full republican until the 90 's 	i feel their pain ; it 's such a drag when people give other people civil rights . 
til socrates spoke early modern english . 	everyone knows ancient greeks and romans spoke with a british accent . 
well my wife 's family says maryland is part of the south . regardless her family is north of the mason dixon line . 	yeah , if i go south i 'm a yankee with a northern accent . if i go north i 'm a redneck with a southern accent . 
what if they were reading it to a blind person ? 	what a conundrum . i guess they 'd need to get the audio book specifically for those lines 
i do n't believe they have to read scarlet letter anymore 	i graduated high school about 4 years ago .  we read the scarlet letter . it was one of the first books that actually got me interested in english class . 
every time i teach those two books i find something new to like about them . 	i dislike the great gatsby more and more every time i read it , but i think that 's part of the point of the book 
we all can accurately guess what party they were from . 	democrat . the southern conservative racists started migrating to republican after the 1964 civil rights act but the south did n't go full republican until the 90 's 
yep , currently living in the uk and i still have no idea 	which part ? i think it may be a northern thing . 
statistically those two american novels are the two most likely to be preferred among americans with huck finn making up the trifecta . 	do n't forget catcher in the rye ! four books every american high school student is expected to read . 
to try and get the kids to forgive them for making them read stuff like scarlet letter and other stuff that 's almost written in a different language because of their age . 	i 've never read scarlet letter , but if it 's anything close to as bad as pride and prejudice , then i completely understand what you mean .   
really ? gatsby by is practically a soap opera . there is much more to american literature . 	there 's a lot of good stuff in american lit . i 'm just a sucker for a bunch of self absorbed assholes . 
10 , 000 years to god is like one day to us ? i do n't think that 's usually how that goes . 	if 10 , 000 years to us were a day to op , he posted this less than a minute ago , so he should have remembered . 
fucking hipsters thinking something ca n't really be good if lots of people like it . i defy someone to find a problem with the glorious 9th . 	it 's too happy . there 's no authenticity in positivity , man . 
they teach them for a reason after all . 	to try and get the kids to forgive them for making them read stuff like scarlet letter and other stuff that 's almost written in a different language because of their age . 
great book ! and one of my favorite movies as well . 	hell ya ! bit my favorite book ever is perfume the story of a murderer . 
statistically those two american novels are the two most likely to be preferred among americans with huck finn making up the trifecta . 	i do n't consider myself a statistic and read both of these as a twelve year old . i know many people who could n't care less about either of them . i also hate huck finn . 
i do n't believe they have to read scarlet letter anymore 	i read that a little over a year ago in high school . 
til socrates spoke early modern english . 	duh have n't you seen movies greeks and romans aw in all british accents . 
i do n't believe they have to read scarlet letter anymore 	at my school , it was one of the options , but not required 
yeah we spent months on that book accompanied by three essays . 	when you finally understand it it 's not a half bad book tho ! 
of all the books you see on the lists of commonly banned books , this one always confused me the most . it is almost a morality tale . what are people 's objections to it ? 	people who have shitty morals do n't like to read a book that tells them so . 
ugh , the great gatsby is a bag of shit . the scarlet letter was actually worth reading . 	the scarlet letter is the worst book i have ever read . the great gatsby is the second worst book i have ever read . 
no you are post - modern as am i , do n't give me anything before 1945 , i 'd find it too boring . 	vonnegut is the oldest i read without a trusted recommendation . 
i wonder if she has any money left so she can send you to first grade . 	i would be fine with that . more recess time than what i currently get sounds great .   
but you still have no idea as to the reason why it happened . 	good point , should have worded my title better . 
how 's reading the lineage text going ? 	dude i 've read plenty of zen stuff .  so go ahead and make a solid point or something if you dare 
fundamental , as in part of the core curriculum ? is there nothing more to zen ? i find some of the notions i 've picked up on here to be useful . do you ?   	not really . seeing is fundamental . the various objects seen , even the shiny ones , even the big ideas , not so much . 
meditation reveals much to talk about that is relevant to the subject of zen . one might even say that meditation is fundamental to zen . i would . 	fundamental , as in part of the core curriculum ? is there nothing more to zen ? i find some of the notions i 've picked up on here to be useful . do you ?   
yea gimme til tomorrow and i 'll dump it in a file share . 	do n't put it in a post though please , use a pm 
wow . have you seen his maokai ? i am pretty sure this is his meta . please just because he gets fucked in a lane swap does n't mean anything . 	im not only talking about this game . think of yesterday or last week 's rumble 
oh you do n't have bills to pay ? must be nice . 	haha , you must be one of those work harder not smarter types . 
so just because you do n't like it , it should be illegal . that 's a terrible argument . 	no , i think it should be illegal because they are killing future children . 
i do n't like when women get multiple abortions as if they are some everyday thing that does n't really matter . 	are you a woman ? 
lying on the news broadcast . 	yeah because we need a middleman to stand between the public and information so we do n't watch uncensored stuff . 
how do they pay for their highway maintenance ? 	taxes . federal money .  just like all states . 
but what do call a regular joe sending their representative an email about an issue they care about ? is n't that lobbying ? 	joe 's goal is probably not to hinder legislation for a bigger fiscal quarter , at the expense of the american process . 
so you would sell all of your possessions to take in one pet ? 	so you would cause unneeded emotional and physical pain to a pet because you value your furniture more ? 
so you would cause unneeded emotional and physical pain to a pet because you value your furniture more ? 	physical pain is easily fixed with medication . emotional pain is easily fixed with love .  would you rather the animals be on the street or in a bad home ? 
lying on the news broadcast . 	you would think they would at least fact check and make sure it is correct . 
alcohol .  it has no nutritional value , is a detriment to society , and makes otherwise decent human beings turn into insufferable assholes . 	there are plenty of good arguments for both sides of this but the first one to my mind :  i could say the same for soft drink . 
i do n't understand why they would risk it . 	addiction , selfishness , ignorance , the list goes on but it rarely involves the mother thinking about anyone but herself . 
you would think they would at least fact check and make sure it is correct . 	it 's worse than that , many like fox news intentionally mislead people . 
then you would just have individuals buying tv and radio spots , printing up flyers , and buying postage . you ca n't really stop a private individual from spending his own money . 	is that worse than corporations trading money for favors ? 
then why not just say that abortion should be illegal ? 	because i 'm fair , and because it would be impossible to totally get rid of all abortion .  and because rape exists , and sometimes condoms break and birth control fails . 
fuck that noise . i 'll gladly work for free for experience that i 'd have to pay for elsewhere . 	oh you do n't have bills to pay ? must be nice . 
lying on the news broadcast . 	related , lying politicians 
bring it back to the bank to replace it ? 	i 'm sure he can live without an euro 
he called the game winning drive in div round 2011 against new orleans , all i know . 	there has to be a youtube clip of that drive right ? i 'm leaving the house right now or i would search myself . 
there 's also wireless too , assuming line of sight 	i 've never used wireless that far . what would the delay look like with wireless over 1300 feet ? would wireless be more cost effective than fiber over that distance ? 
inception and conception are equally valid . 	i would argue that inception is the better word here . conception is generally related to the formation of an idea while inception is generally related to the point of implementation of the idea . 
this kills the breakfast .   	breakfast is kill . 
wait did you just summon a bunch of monsters in one turn ? 	i think so , i mean , i have enough mana .  wait , what game are we playing again ? 
oh , so a literal tit . was not expecting . 	what would be a figurative tit exactly ? 
but in the wild west the prime dueling streets would be situated east - west because of the railroads , would n't they ? 	you would n't generally duel on a main street . even when dueling was popular it was still generally hidden . 
tell that to adam ! take that , atheism 	bask in the glory of atom as he spreads his glow unto the world ! 
do n't know why people are saying this makes sense . high noon during the winter still has the sun closer to the horizon . this does n't make any sense . 	if you 're anywhere warm enough to have dusty cowboy shootouts in mid - winter , you 've gotta be reasonably close to the equator . 
have you ever driven a car directly facing the car at sundown . i ca n't imaging fighting for my life when i 'm blinded by the sun . 	the joys of living directly west of where you work .  into the sun on the morning commute .  into the sun on the evening commute . 
wait so i was n't the only person forced to watch that ? 	you and every child in ontario 's education system ! 
more plausible than not wanting the sun in your eyes when fighting for your life ?  plus the two are n't mutually exclusive . 	no , but all they would have to do is line up north to south and it would n't really matter what time of day it was . 
if you fan that shit maybe , good luck hitting anything . 	they had double action revolvers , the both chambered the round drew the hammer and released the hammer with the pull of the trigger 
it 's always warms my heart to meet another left tit . 	i 've traveled so far and waited so long to meet another of my kind . friends . 
7 o 'clock . i do my killin 'before breakfast . 	8 o 'clock . i do my killin 'after breakfast . 
one would have his gun hidden by the shadow and the other would n't 	and how would that be relevant ? you are trying to shoot the guy as fast as you can anyway . 
and one guy might have it in the eye he aims with while the other has it in the eye he does n't aim with . 	well , one of them could use a left - handed gun . 
no , but all they would have to do is line up north to south and it would n't really matter what time of day it was . 	the sun still hits your face , just that way it hits both of theirs . 
or they could just turn so the sun was to the left or the right of them . 	but one guy would have his right arm in the shadow while the other has it in the light , making it unfair . 
i could be wrong , but i 'm thinking , this is the more plausible explanation . 	i thought western duels were largely a myth . 
are n't the andrew jackson 20 pace style duels usually done in the morning ? 	7 o 'clock . i do my killin 'before breakfast . 
you 're suggesting astronomy was n't an established science by the time guns were invented ? 	i was n't talking about the peak science of society , i was talking about the education of the two guys arranging to kill each other with simple guns . 
have you ever driven a car directly facing the car at sundown . i ca n't imaging fighting for my life when i 'm blinded by the sun . 	ive done it with bright sunlight , and a window fully frosted up because im to impatient to defrost .  im the true gambler 
canada , so i 'm kind of aware of frontier stuff since it affects both histories , but i do n't know a lot of things that would be common knowledge for an american . 	nice . do n't worry about it . you 'd be surprised how many americans do n't know things that should be common knowledge . 
did i just watch a shower thoughts post turn into veigar crying due to dfg removal . i 'm dying . 	double kill . 
i was n't talking about the peak science of society , i was talking about the education of the two guys arranging to kill each other with simple guns . 	sure sure , i agree it 's a really dumb thing . but , there were a lot of very educated people who committed to duels . 
then you still have glare hitting one of your eyes . 	and one guy might have it in the eye he aims with while the other has it in the eye he does n't aim with . 
could n't they just stand sideways in relation to the sun ? 	if you 're anywhere on this earth besides the equator the sun will always be to the side even at noon . 
could n't they just stand sideways in relation to the sun ? 	not if main st . runs east - west . 
but how could time pass in order for you to become 4 , if time had n't started yet ? 	how then could you be born if the time leading up to your birth had never existed ? 
holy cow ! i wake up at 8 : 10 for my 9 : 00 am classes and i still have time to go on reddit in the morning . i mean , i live close to school but still . 	are you the guy from scary movie who lives in a trailer next to the school ? 
why could n't they face north and south ? 	because the guy facing south would have the sun in his eyes . 
pistols at dawn ? 	ugh . i have a hard enough time sleeping before the first day of a new job . i ca n't imagine being up all night knowing i had to kill a guy in the morning . 
did i just watch a shower thoughts post turn into veigar crying due to dfg removal . i 'm dying . 	i had to do a double take on if i was in the right sub . 
the only way that i know of is downloading the app , so you 'll get a immediate notification once the sale starts 	i downloaded the app . how do you set up the notification ? 
has it always been like this ? i must be losing my mind . 	nothing has changed . it is confusing to think about , but if you do n't include the initial jump with what you do in the air it makes perfect sense . 
def will be taking lot of precautions , will abandon the hike if there 's snow or conditions do n't look good 	that 's definitely the best idea .  even among the people i know who 've hiked during the summer , the ones who went with less than ideal weather said they were miserable . 
60 fps makes it for me . also it seems like the lighting and particle effects are prettier , but that might be me .  overall i 'm very happy with the handsome collection , really worth it . 	it also seems like a great deal for those new to the borderlands franchise . borderlands 1 is n't essential to enjoy the latter two games . 
or it may make them focus on food ? 	then they stay at home and eat until they ca n't move . no one notices . we still win . 
that must be one hell of a myspace angle if that bitch does n't fit in a car seat . 	she 's one of those girls that has a thin face . all the pictures on her facebook and instagram are shoulders - up for a reason . 
i 'm sorry you had to go through this , it must have been so awful . stay strong . 	thankyou , ive been coping alright , it has been hard but with the right help im sure i 'll be able to get my life back to normal . 
but what is the ocean without water ? 	vast plains of salt . 
awesome game , awesome series . i have infinite , but have refused to even start it as i 'm still in the middle of 2 . 	i have n't played 2 , but i have played infinite and it was a lot of fun . 
evil dead is next up in the playlist . only seen the remake , which i want to find of . but obviously love bruce campbell . re - animator is one i have heard before , so will have to check it out 	evil dead 2 is my favorite movie . it was my 2nd date movie with my girlfriend in college . she loved it . obviously we are now married . 
on the 50s horror kick , have you seen the original the day the earth stood still ? if not highly recommend it . 	i havent . i watched old horror movies all of the time in hs , but i dont realy watch much any tv in college . i mostly read , cube , and stare at fashion pics when i have free time . 
watch audition . sorry if you hate me later . 	quick synopsis ?  watched a movie called stage fright and it was brutal , so a title that has anything to do with theatre makes me a little hesitant . 
started playing my first play through of bioshock and really enjoying it so far . do n't know why i never played it before 	awesome game , awesome series . i have infinite , but have refused to even start it as i 'm still in the middle of 2 . 
ugh i watched that jr year of hs when i was still new to horror movies . it deeply disturbed me . 	haha it seems to have that effect on everyone i 've suggested it to . 
those look dope ! any chance you can get some post - soak measurements ?   	yeah i 'll post them ! they are drying now so i 'll wait till after . 
never played the first two , just infinite . it is a lot of fun . 	since you can get it for pennies essentially , i 'd highly recommend finding the first to play . 
awesome game , awesome series . i have infinite , but have refused to even start it as i 'm still in the middle of 2 . 	never played the first two , just infinite . it is a lot of fun . 
ordering new boots is a daunting and wonderful thing . 	yeah , man . first pair of white 's ever , and going through baker 's , so getting down sizing will take a bit , but i 've pretty much gotten the look i want nailed down already . 
it 's not really horror but watch the rear window by hitchcock . one of my favorite movies of all time . the aesthetic is unbeatable . 	i have that one with the hitchcock collection i believe . ca n't be disappointed with a hitchcock movie . 
yeah i 'll post them ! they are drying now so i 'll wait till after . 	cool , thanks . 
started playing my first play through of bioshock and really enjoying it so far . do n't know why i never played it before 	scenery , music , story make it my second favorite series . such an awesome game , loved just exploring through every door and listening to all the tapes . 
neato . grinding fresh is really the best thing you can do for a good cup of coffee 	yeah looking forward to it , just need to cop a scale now because measuring with spoons , and cups does n't do the best job 
of course i am better than you . i am a black person and my race is superior to your white aryan filth . 	thank you for the funniest thing i 've read all day . 
the falcons better have this record . no use piping in crowd noise if it 's not shattering some ear drums . 	atlanta is n't known for having a rabid fan base for pro sports . the piped in noise probably only rose the volume to average . 
exactly what i was thinking , probably half of those pics are people looking at her because she 's doing something to attract attention to herself . 	also , it is known that you can basically read anything that you want into a photo of person 's expression . 
because people do n't look when someone is posing in the middle of the street , right next to them ? 	i would have to check where the gravitational pull is coming from as well . 
i thought she did this solo , i . e . she set up the camera , then walked away and took photos using a remote or timer ?   	i do n't think regular cameras are powerful enough . she probably setup a traffic camera so every time she walked in front of it , the camera thought a car was running a red light 
because people do n't look when someone is posing in the middle of the street , right next to them ? 	especially when they are dressed like a batshit - crazy person with bizarre taste in clothing that does n't even come close to fitting properly . 
man , thank you . would have taken me forever to find that . how did you locate it , do n't tell me trial and error ? 	i went through every single file in order . so , yes . 
oh boy here we go : the war on the right to die 	right to kill is more like it . 
if you gently look at the bottom of the screen , you can see its black . the wallpaper is cut . this happens only when i double tap on the screen . 	oh ok , i was n't sure what the wallpaper was supposed to look like . does it do it on every pic or just that one ? 
oh ok , i was n't sure what the wallpaper was supposed to look like . does it do it on every pic or just that one ? 	any wallpaper i set is cut this way when i double tap .  edit : only with my personal wallpapers . 
pit still available ? 	i 'll probably be trading this week unless you have a better offer . the current offer is dedede , sonic and mega man . 
i 'll probably be trading this week unless you have a better offer . the current offer is dedede , sonic and mega man . 	are you interested in eu ? because if so i have a eu nib lucario and can also give you a sonic or megaman with him ? i think that maybe a deal you are interested in . 
is the battery charged for sure ? is the fuse in contact with the terminals ? are the motor connectors still connected ? 	battery is charged and fuse is in but i do n't know how to check motor ive never messed around inside airsoft guns before 
i love the design of the bottom right part . what is it may i ask ? 	just my interpretation of suburbia . usually a roundabout with some curvy roads that wrap around . i like to plop some walking paths in the middle and a park that connects it to a road . thanks ! 
non k 's 1 , almost hits 1 . boom meter going off ! 	i think it 's really a judgment call on whether or not it 's an almost hit . 
i 'm with you . hate his fucking face . almost as much as i hate cole hamels . 	are we the same person ? i was so happy to see him get knocked around by the red sox 
weird camera angle on espn . shame i ca n't watch on sny . 	oh you do n't enjoy the harper - scherzer circle jerk 2015 pt i 
yeah and that strike zone thing got me thinkin 'im playing mlb the show 	ugh i hate that thing , so distracting ; i wish someone would do an analysis of how many strikes were called vs . strikes in that stupid box 
is big dick duda a thing ? cause i 'd love it to be a thing 	i hope it takes off as much as big dick rick from their friendly neighbors at msg ! 
he 's doing it very loudly 	tell him baseball is on an he needs to respect that and be quiet . 
so mets fans , how do you guys feel about your bullpen this season ? 	i guess we 'll find out . 
if we get no - hit on opening day , i 'll eat my cat 	i love eating pussy . 
before i die i need to shake gary 's hand . 	i wholeheartedly agree . 
that mini duda upvote party felt good . lets do that more . 	scoring is fun . 
is range something that can be improved on with time ? i do n't mean he 'll be making plays in second base territory , but in a few years can his range improve if he works hard enough ? 	i read he worked his ass off all offseason and improved it a bit , so i think so 
familia is filthy , someone give that man a bath ! 	i read this in jr 's voice . that man should be been a baseball commentator . 
why did that guy with his hand up did n't let them play ? 	this game is being broadcast on espn . 
i 'm gonna count that as a duda bunt . yeah . no , fuck yeah duda bunt . 	bro , that 's a line drive to opposite field on my card . 
you know . it 's scherzer . you get he 's tough to hit but bartolo colon should n't have the most solid contact of the entire lineup . 	in fairness , he did lay one in there for colon . no use in trying too hard for colon . 
familia should be our closer , i do n't care what you think . 	he 's clearly got the best stuff of anyone in the bullpen . i think if he has a good month , he 'll get the full time assignment . 
i like how much we worked the count in that inning , having scherzer all amped up overthrowing 20 pitches could bode well for us later in the game . 	if you ca n't get a run , running up the pitch count is always a nice bonus . 
good thing the espn commentators are clearly focused on a 2 on 2 out at bat . 	i feel your pain . what i 'd do for some keith heavy - breathing right now . 
just start with a hit . 	how did it end up like this ? it was only a hit , it was only a hit . 
so what ? at least we actually found people who are trying to get into our country illegally . 	i do n't need a huge tsa program to figure that out . there 's a home depot a mile from my house . ta da . 
economic terrorists . 	yeah , how dare they strength the economy . 
considering its about two weeks out , it 's most likely they work at a record store that has access to them already . but yeah , this is some super shifty douche fuck shit to pull . 	it could be a center with a very low rsd turn out ? 
my local store got their shipment in yesterday . 	oh well , then i guess it makes sense that she can list them already . maybe european stores gets their stuff later . 
as far as i know stores does n't receive the releases until a day or two before rsd . 	my local store got their shipment in yesterday . 
they can just refund the amount through ebay very easily . it 's not much of a hit at all when that happens . they 'll just be out whatever the listing amount was . 	sure . but getting dozens of negative feedback reviews in a week on ebay , especially on an account with 19 total feedback , would be pretty bad . 
no office , but could you please pass me a slice of pepsi ?  edit : i mean coke 	dude . i could go for a pizza 
the more important question is , did you ever go pee ? 	he did . do n't sit on that dudes couch 
we 'll just turn around and go back . 	i 'm gonna stay with this guy , they 've got a plan . 
colorado is the east coast ? 	midwest , i think not ! 
have n't touched any of this stuff in years , but this was on the front page and the art is incredible . 	mucho thanks man . 
midwest , i think not ! 	it said east coast and he edited it to midwest . 
colorado is the east coast ? 	i think they meant being high on east coast slopes are n't the same as being high on colorado 's west coast slopes . 
im going to go to sleep sober and wake up high thanks for the idea , hopefully the excitement wo n't keep me awake 	i have tried that multiple times but the excitement always wins . you have to be really really really really tired to do it . 
i 'm so glad i 'm out of school and there 's no chance of that happening to me . high - in - school stories make my palms sweaty . 	bein high in college is different though . everyone knows but no one really gives a shit 
i once saw one and it actually blinded me . even tho it was the most bright thing on the map i just could n't hit it , pretty much like headlights in some shooter games 	that might have been me ? i 've built a bot only made of headlights , no armored cubes . hard to build , but i felt like i was the sun : d pretty funny experience it was : d  
whoa , seriously ? i had no idea they had that effect . but would n't you just aim at the blur and be able to hit something ? 	yes you could just aim at the blur and hope for the best , but depending on the headlight location you may just end up hitting nothing at all . 
no , destiny works down the street at bottoms up 	she get fired from house of cheeks ? 
the demolition hammer does work , you just have to hit the post on the inside of shelters to damage the building . 	and if you placed the doorway against a wall , be glad that you just shrunk your overall base size . 
i 'll be in london in less than a month for a 27 day europe trip ! looking forward to getting out of this snow and into a civil climate for a bit . what 's the smoking laws like over there ? 	you cannot smoke indoors in pretty much any pub or restaurant . but there are cigar places with nice outdoor areas for cigar smoking . also you can smoke in most proper cigar places . 
whats stopping you from picking the brick up and then hiding fit a bit ? same effect right ? 	not really , if you leave brick and fight , cap zone etc , you are still contributing . strategic leaving is a tactic , not the same as hiding . 
in case you needed more confirmation , bungie is fucking listening . so happy about the locking thing , as my three little words and supremacy were both lost to the accidental dismantle . 	should probably pay more attention to what you are doing . 
exactly my thoughts .  and the condescending manner in which it 's presented is really starting to piss me off .   	condescension is only there if you assume it is . they are trying to be lighthearted with it and funny , while still explaining why these are just flip a switch type fixes . 
is anyone able to enlighten me on who these players they are they get this feedback from ?  never seen anyone ever complain about the amount of special ammo .   	really ? it 's been a very common complaint for a long time . like a top 5 issue . 
that 's the sad truth right there . 	then why are you here ? honest question , not trolling or picking a fight , if you are un happy with the game why are you here ? are n't games something we are supposed to enjoy playing ? 
social spaces ?  there 's more than one ? 	yes , according to leaks , how will contain social space in the reef . you can see it in early trailers , btw . 
look for the silver lining : you can draw in more pve only players who will be terrible at crucible and the pvp regulars can get to wrecking . 	true that . first day of iron banner is like a reaping . 
i 've been wanting the other route , i want to turn my helmet off while shooting things . 	i too wish i could remove my helmet while in combat . not lose the stats , but just visually hide it so my guardian 's pretty face could be seen . 
didnt they say there would be a new social area in the reef ? or was that just community speculation ? 	megaman leaked a new social space in the reef . yes . 
please god nerf anything that makes a sniper a 1 shot body kill . final round , wol , etc . 	they wo n't be able to spam bullets as often now , so it should n't be too bad . 
there is no date for the next ib on bungie . net , so i doubt that it happen anytime very soon . 	megaman data mined ib event on the 14th of april . 
except when there is very little quantity to account for any bad quality . 	eh , i have faith in bungie . maybe you do n't , but whatever 
last on of those that made the front page was 4 months ago . 3 of them did n't even get off the ground . but hey yeah sure . 	probably because it hit the front page twice already . not sure if you 're just new here or to reddit in general but people do n't like reposts . 
i 've been wanting the other route , i want to turn my helmet off while shooting things . 	yeah but then you 'd be dead unless you 're an exo o . o and even then we do n't know how durable they are in space either . 
this week at bungie , we make the invective worth using ! 	the invective wrecks , i run it constantly , the rate of fire and aim are insanely fast , probably my favorite shotty , and i have felwinters 
and turn it into a thorn fest ? 	tbh im not a fan of thorn , just feels weird in my hand in comparison to my word or fatebringer 
the problem with the change is it just forces primary use most of the time . it gets pretty boring using a primary only for a long crucible session . 	yup , instead of new game types , we get tweaks to a fairly flawed system . 
i think most people play crucible because it 's fun , not for the rewards . i like the ammo changes . 	yes , most of the people that play crucible do so for fun , not the rewards . but most people are n't playing all that much crucible , because the rewards are so bad . 
except when there is very little quantity to account for any bad quality . 	that 's the sad truth right there . 
less thorns , red deaths and last words then . 	i do n't think so . i love my thorn , it 's my go to gun . most of my kills are from thorn . 
thanks captain no - fun 	with no fun comments like that , he 'll be a rear admiral in no time . 
any chance of a 3rd person angle ? 	im sorry i wish there was but it was to many games ago to be in theater . 
god sand trap is so fun . 	i havent played it yet and fuck that makes me mad .  for custom games and btb it was the map . 
totally worth it . it 's like one of the best armor in the game . but i do n't think you can kill him 1 : 1 . he is really tanky 	awesome , thanks ! thats just what i wanted to know . i figured enchanting its defense up as i level might keep it relevant but i was n't sure . 
they have nice word play and actually stories in their lyrics , which give some people the feel of old hip hop . that 's all it is , really . i get your argument , though 	old hip hop was n't really defined by good story - telling , more its production style . there 's been pretty consistently good story - telling in hip hop since it began . 
i like them , they were really good . i understand how they basically invented pop and all that but i do n't think they were the greatest band in the world as some people say . 	idk why you got down voted i agree with you , and you answered the question exactly how you were supposed to with reasoning . good on you 
lol you 're a fucking twat never give your opinion on any hip hop again . 	well are n't you just an elitist please tell me whats so good about the music you listen to and why i should never talk about hip hop again 
they have nice word play and actually stories in their lyrics , which give some people the feel of old hip hop . that 's all it is , really . i get your argument , though 	i did n't really find an argument . 
but god ca n't be overrated ! 	i like how people say he 's an egotistical arsehole then others turn around and feed that same incredibly unattractive ego by saying he 's a god 
now light everything in the server on fire . oh , and make scorch . 	i was a bit disappointed when i learned that my fire arrows did n't actually set stuff on fire .  i was thinking about making scorch on the back of that thing 
i can see that . i just do n't know what it was about it . i always have loved stuff like this . it really sucked me in and it was hard to put down . 	i can see that to . it was just me . but just because at that moment in time i wasnt enjoying it as much as you does n't mean its not a great game for what it is . 
bloody frustrating at times trying to control it though , almost stopped playing at some points but because i enjoyed the story and videos i kept on going and glad in the end i did . 	i felt that way too sometimes . but i still think the mechanics and gameplay were phenomenal for an indie game . 
bloody frustrating at times trying to control it though , almost stopped playing at some points but because i enjoyed the story and videos i kept on going and glad in the end i did . 	the ai controlled character was a mess . would n't jump properly and would get killed all the time . it 's a lot easier with 2 human players . but the cultural insights are worth listening to . 
are n't there more efficient strategies for that ? 	when has the nsa ever employed a efficient strategy ? 
good enough to jump on for a first time builder ? still not planning on building for another couple of months but picking up parts of they 're too good to pass up , any input is helpful ! 	this will run a ton of things at once . not quite strong enough to stream 1080p though . 
all he said was that if someone punched you hard enough to break your sternum , you 'd fall over . 	no , he called that guy an armchair combat expert for not assuming a 1 inch punch would break his sternum . 
without a doubt . i can knock someone backwards quite a ways without bending my elbows . all you have to do is know how to move your body together . 	i believe it . especially if you get your feet and hips into it . 
all this just for baggage ? but why 	because when your airport has over 1 , 000 take offs and landings a day you 're dealing with approximately 200 , 000 bags each day , not counting mail . 
please do n't link a 10 min video and not even tell us where it starts . 	no man , it 's the whole thing . just sit back , relax , and watch luggage on conveyor belts for 10 minutes . 
are the animals in cargo put through this too ? 	yes , of course . have n't you seen all those pets going around and around the carousel waiting for their owners ? 
i dunno , i only saw the carts where they drive out with all the bags then load them one by one up in the plane in europe , i have n't been sitting where i can see it for a while though . 	yeah , it does depend on the plane and the airport as well . 
move bitch get out the way ! 	is what paul walker should of said to that tree . 
yes , of course . have n't you seen all those pets going around and around the carousel waiting for their owners ? 	my pet rat was never the same after our last trip . 
it 's a disaster ! 	such a catastrophe ! 
i 've been to both and it 's a cake walk compared to us customs . 	i 've always found customs to be pretty quick , but i 'm also very white . 
where have i heard that music before ? 	sounds like drum and bass . 
to be fair this system would cost a fortune to implement . 	i wonder how much that tray stacking machine costs compared to my yearly income . 
i love how unnecessary it is too . like couldnt they just put some sort of wedge down so the bags just slide onto the other belt ? 	i think it 's supposed to be as quick as possible so it can punch 1 bag out of a line of 3 without dragging the other bags with it . 
this is fake edit : mistook it for a different video , i will accept my downvotes gracefully 	this was real , there was a whole apology by fedex and resulting fallout from this incident . was on the news and everything . 
i never said not to do it . all i meant was this system is beyond the reach of most airports . 	i would say every airport that is big enough to take more than 10 minutes to walk from the two farthest gates would benefit . 
that 's the spirit ! attitudes like this are probably why the united states has some of the worst infrastructure in the developed world . 	and that video is from spain , which has one of the worst economies in the developed world . but at least they have modern airport luggage systems ! i 'll keep our infrastructure , and my job . 
air canada does . 	depends on the airport dude , the company i worked for handled bags for west jet , and we just loaded the bags , and the company contracted to do air canada did the same thing . 
that 's the spirit ! attitudes like this are probably why the united states has some of the worst infrastructure in the developed world . 	yah let 's use spain as a basis for how we should run a country ! 
too late ! 	too late because you are just going to stay up or too late because you are actually already asleep and this is your cat typing for you now ? 
so work from home . sounds like a no pants kind of day . 	i agree . not even wearing pants right now . 
that my eyes hurt and i should go to bed . 	whens the last time someone read you a bed time story ? 
why i did n't care more this semester .  you ?   	im thinking i need need to find a new video game or just maybe go outside and do stuff . 
girl ouch ! that happens to me every time i wear heels . 	is it from the foot sliding a little in the shoe ? maybe the fit is off a little ? i do n't wear heels and am genuinely curious . 
but why do you want to be in pain ? there a loads of cute flats out there . 	i find flats more uncomfortable than heels . the do n't stay on your feet . 
hello . i 'm very tired , but i 'm up to talk . it will be on and off though . 	it 's ok . it 's late here and i have to work in the morning . can we talk tomorrow ? 
what are some college qbs that ran an multi read offense , so many of these guys are in a set receiver kind of offense . 	in this class , winston . which is a big reason why he 's seen as the top qb prospect .  hundley did some , but not as their base offense , and he seemed to struggle a lot with it . 
in this class , winston . which is a big reason why he 's seen as the top qb prospect .  hundley did some , but not as their base offense , and he seemed to struggle a lot with it . 	grayson ran a pretty conventional offense too . 
conspiracy ! 	 hey hey hey ! you still need to make a conspiracy for the conduit under the oak 's grove guild plot ! 
thank you for the link . any idea at around what prestige 32 thousand relics is ? 	it depends on the player so we ca n't give you a solid number or even a range . 
what mechwarrior game in the past used a fucking cone of fire ?  ohh ? what 's that ? none ?  please stfu peasant , it is simply a bad idea .  we do n't want your stupid tabletop rng mechanics . 	you just want magical convergence .  the easiest of easy mode .  of course , it 's never going to change . pgi needs to make a simple , and easy game , to attract more people . 
that image could have been made using ms paint , and that website could be harvesting credit card numbers . has anyone ever seen a video of this thing in action ? 	that site is legit and hacks for cryengine games are real . 
and if this is true , the immediate and massive shout - downs anytime anyone mentions weapon spread makes so much more sense . 	what mechwarrior game in the past used a fucking cone of fire ?  ohh ? what 's that ? none ?  please stfu peasant , it is simply a bad idea .  we do n't want your stupid tabletop rng mechanics . 
or maybe because it 's just a terrible idea . 	it 's not a terrible idea . it 's just no one wants it .  it would fix a massive amount of the game 's problems , but no one wants to admit it .  c 'est la vie . 
mmm i love the jealousy . hey , at least you can watch the leafs players play for canada at the world championship ! just kidding , none made it . 	it has nothing to do with jealousy . price is the biggest reason to why the habs are doing as well as they currently are . 
its his fault . he needs to have a better scoring touch . he 's really hurting the offense of the team . 	that break out pass . i mean , if there 's one thing bishop can do better than price , it 's get assists .  other than that ? i 'm pretty sure price skates on water . 
the team in front of him . 	mmm i love the jealousy . hey , at least you can watch the leafs players play for canada at the world championship ! just kidding , none made it . 
then make your choice . 	i will , and i choose - what in the world can that be ? 
butter tarts . i shit you not , i met him once and that man will do anything for a butter tart . absolutely loves them . 	thanks god it 's is n't hamburgers . what did the man do for the butter tart ? 
i tried to , the notification is gone , the message does n't send and whatsapp crashes   	post a screenshot of your patch . 
funny , maori tv screened a behind the scenes today 	i was about to note that op watched the episode on maori tv too . 
do you know how much shipping runs from hawaii to california ? 	i think a flat rate box would be like 15 bucks but if you put two of them together i 'd cover shipping . 
what 's your ideal dynamic with an so ? is sex enjoyable at all or is it just boring ? 	most of the sex i 've had was just boring , but there have been a few times when it was fun . as far as dynamic with an so , i assume the same as everyone else , just maybe not as sexual . 
that cycle being at non - mythic rare , which the original post seemed to indicate , is fine . 	but why reprint 3 of the 5 commands when they see no play in modern and already have a high in print circulation level ? 
but why reprint 3 of the 5 commands when they see no play in modern and already have a high in print circulation level ? 	because edh is a thing ? 
but would you gain a soul when you killed him ? 	you lose a soul . 
someone should make a mod of gaben rubbing money on his nipples and you have to kill him like the dragons in skyrim . 	but would you gain a soul when you killed him ? 
i 'm at usc . so not only is our fight song darude sandstorm , but our mascot is a cock . i just feel like the school is a huge joke haha . go cocks ! 	ok i know you said sports are n't your thing but did you go to any football games in columbia ? you really should go to at least one with an open mind . sec football is worth seeing at least once 
ye , silly question , i would be playing with them all the time as well , so hot . 	sometimes i just sit in class and gently pull on them while they 're hard . then i catch myself and stop haha 
god yea . hehe i 'd love that 	im going to cum over your tits soon , just looking at all your posts . ca n't believe i have missed out on so much . you have a wicked body 
they seem to always be hard ! 	yeah , that was a turn on . nipple play is one of my favorite things . 
why does death note need to be remade ? did people ask for this ? 	i did , yes . i think it 's a great story that more people will encounter if it 's remade in english . 
ot character limit is set at 7 so that might influence your decision . i 'll try to have them all ready earliest friday latest next monday . thanks again ! 	then put the one that fits please , thanks 
okay try to let me know soon please . these codes expire in two days and if we agree i need to find someone to redeem them quick . 	you know what , i will try my luck with someone who is willing to redeem them sorry for wasting your time 
is that guy dead in the 2nd to last photo ? 	possibly . six people died in the riots that year . 
i dont think that will be a problem specially because of all the items people build on him , it 's alot alot of health : p 	i agree the nerfs are so small i kinda wonder why they bothered . 
it is a housing program , wherein the government gives niggers vouchers so they can come in and live in your neighborhood and devalue property . do n't leave , though , that 's white flight . 	yeah , i was just wondering what the significance of coontown users being designated as section ape was . trust me , i am all too familiar with it in the real world . 
what 's section ape ? 	it is a housing program , wherein the government gives niggers vouchers so they can come in and live in your neighborhood and devalue property . do n't leave , though , that 's white flight . 
can we burn down a cvs to celebrate ? 	only if you bring a machete to cut the fire hoses . 
this looks like a great map ! i will definitely have to try it ! 	let me know how it goes ! it 's not the easiest map but that 's what makes it fun , imo 
if it 's june 12th , i can guarantee i wo n't watch the premiere live . i 'll be in the theaters for jurassic world ! 	surely you can pick a movie time that is n't the same time as the premiere ? 
lori did drive through some things though . 	the episode recap where she flips the car was one of the best recaps ever . poor lori . it 's like the writers wanted us to think she sucked . 
i ca n't . i 'll be seeing every single showing of the movie that i can . i 've been waiting exactly half my life for this movie so yeahhhh ! 	how bummed would you feel if it was just horrible . you 've spent over a grand to see all showings to get popcorn and drinks for that many shows . 
you sound like your are a very bad social media marketing manager for nbc . 	to be fair though , i 've heard hannibal is actually very surprisingly good though . have n't seen it cuz i figure i 'll catch up on it when i have less things to do in life but yeah . 
and herschel still has his head on the right path . 	and both feet on the ground . 
if it 's june 12th , i can guarantee i wo n't watch the premiere live . i 'll be in the theaters for jurassic world ! 	orange is the new black season 3 hits netflix on the 12th as well , gonna be awake for 36 hours straight and it 'll be worth it . 
and herschel still has his head on the right path . 	a path he walks carefully , one foot at a time . 
surely you can pick a movie time that is n't the same time as the premiere ? 	i ca n't . i 'll be seeing every single showing of the movie that i can . i 've been waiting exactly half my life for this movie so yeahhhh ! 
1000 true damage is n't possible till late , and even then requires building 500 ap to reach , which means that cho , despite the bulk his ult gives him , is going to be fairly easy to kill . 	not if he gets free stats from r . easier to kill than a tank but his free stats make him to harder to kill than anyone who builds full damage 
is that not the point of cc ? 	but he has a 2 . 5 silence also so u ca n't dash away or whatever . after you are knocked up followed by a 1000 true dmg 
do you think it 's too heavy of a jacket for cali weather ? and it 's not possible to get it online ? 	it 's not thick or heavy it 's like a lighter weight outer piece . it 's not online yet no 
if you 're looking to have your scraps redeemed with ivs today , you 're gonna have a bad time . 	i would love offer this service but i 'm busy at work and when i get home it already is 1am in japan - at least i was able to help and redeem 12 of these scrap - mons 
question of the day : if price was the same , how would you prefer to travel ? plane , train , bus , car , boat , etc ? 	i 've never traveled by plane or train so i could n't say for sure . probably plane though because being up in the air would be cool . 
question of the day : if price was the same , how would you prefer to travel ? plane , train , bus , car , boat , etc ? 	train , bonus if the scenery around me is nice , but i find travelling on a train very soothing . do n't like it underground though . 
using heart scales for their only purpose is wasting them ? 	i 'd do n't have as many as i should , mostly because i 'm lazy . also , my y does n't have access to the move tutor , sooo i 'd have to bank it between games twice 
rip . make it a race ! lol someone did i think it was 40 shinies in a matter of 4 days before : o 	i 'm not that cruel : p 
congrats . what kind of job ? 	thanks . driving a shuttle bus for a nearby hotel . fortunately , it 's one block away from my apartment . 
question of the day : if price was the same , how would you prefer to travel ? plane , train , bus , car , boat , etc ? 	plane , because it takes the least time and i like looking out the window and seeing all of the clouds and stuff . 
me too . my local deli hired me today ! congrats to both of us ! 	congratulations . : d 
rip . make it a race ! lol someone did i think it was 40 shinies in a matter of 4 days before : o 	i remember that . i thought it was like 40 in a 2 weeks and finished in just over a week though ? 
if you 're looking to have your scraps redeemed with ivs today , you 're gonna have a bad time . 	you 're probably right , i think i should edit my post a bit . 
question of the day : if price was the same , how would you prefer to travel ? plane , train , bus , car , boat , etc ? 	i love traveling by plane but also train is very nice , but only long distances 
nice ! i actually plan to give the keldeo away , since it was free . help a low flair user out ! 	yes i saw you were thinking of a contest on the irc ! i could n't think of any good ideas though . it 's nice of you to give it away , especially to those who have less ! 
i remember that . i thought it was like 40 in a 2 weeks and finished in just over a week though ? 	the challenge was 10 days iirc but he did get it done in 4 . 
question of the day : if price was the same , how would you prefer to travel ? plane , train , bus , car , boat , etc ? 	plane , ana first class ; d 
brown is a neutral so it looks good with everything . 	what are the other neutrals ? black , white , grey ? 
is n't plastic black when there 's no dye used ? so it 's less that pink dye cost more , and it 's more that they need to dye it in the first place . 	no , they need to use black dye . but the cost of dye in plastic is irrelevant to the final price of anything electronic . 
does n't it also come in a few other colors that are also more expensive than the bland model ? 	yes , and the reason they cost more , is because they do n't make as many because colors , and they need to make up their overhead . 
yes , if anyone of the female persuasion buys a black model the patriarchy police come and oppress them . 	excuse me , i think you mean model of colour you shitlord . 
i find solace in the fact that the beetus will soon take their legs . 	that 's just another excuse to skip leg day . 
it 's the movie idiocracy in real life only the stupid people are substituted with fatties .  wait , scratch that , fatties are stupid . 	i should watch it . 
fucking brilliant . gotta pass this idea to them . 	love it . i hope they follow this ad campaign up with something good ! there 's a lot of potential to rustle jimmies on a grand scale . 
and that 's why i 'm against nhs in my country . because the bottom line is subsidizing other people , which i have no interest nor care of doing . i do n't work for fucking charity . 	it has good intentions , and for those that are honest it helps a person in need . it 's a wonderful system and unfortunately it is abused . 
yeah but what if you 're a lost person like me and do n't even know what you like ? 	go even vague - er ! or become a priest . 
i think you all are missing another big point : do n't be dicks when you go to your lfs . in fact , do n't be dicks to people who serve you . 	tldr , do n't be a dick douche 
i understand that but i 'm under the impression that people actually believe that he does so much damage that he can out dps a hunter under steroid . 	well it all comes down to the player essentially . xbal is known for not having the best clear early on , so it depends who his support is . 
for such a fun concept i hope he is interesting to play against on the table . 	i 've played around with him in vassal , the aura is a little small , he suffers from ball of doom syndrome . at 8 'or 9 'i think it would be perfect . 
how does this work ? i see it advised in a lot of situations . is there a time frame or any other stipulation ? 	should n't be , if the company is n't helping the retailer should . otherwise , go to your bank and have them help sort it out by getting you that cash back . 
how did it break ? did something make contact with the fan ?  fans do n't just break on their own , something has to make contact with it while it is rotating for that to happen . 	assuming its off balance or it touched a wire inside ? i would just get a third party cooling unit but i gotta make sure my card is okay first . 
that 'd be asus , talk with your bank after talking with the retailer if they are no help . 	how does this work ? i see it advised in a lot of situations . is there a time frame or any other stipulation ? 
you know what was actually out of line ? playing like a bunch of cats for your country . 	except parker was the best forward on the park . 
sounds good man ! 	so when you gunna add me as a mod ? 
she said she did n't want a relationship at the moment so i 'm just going to be her friend until she does .   	i hope that friendship continues to stand on its own merit , then . 
not going to work . the ferengi are pretty anti - war . 	war is good for business . 
my wife is at 8 weeks as well , we just got a due date of dec 14th ! good luck ! 	christmas eve due date here . 
all this lady does is work out and go on vacations . 	she also takes casually sexy pictures . 
not what i want , i can see that shit in my solo queue games . 	are you the type of guy who enjoy watching civilization over tekken ? : p 
i think this is great . i 'm gonna break my hand so hard just showing this to people ! : d 	haha , thats how i felt showing my co - worker today 
this looks like a reproduction thought . it just does n't have enough aging on the face . 	hard to tell with one crappy picture , but the case seems decently aged . 
does your username happen to be a youtube reference ? 	nope . i coined this nickname back in the late 90s when i was coming up with my first ever e - mail address . it 's a mix of my initials , and the terminator ! 
th9 here who still has no idea what a trophy base or farm base is , anyone care to explain ? 	trophy bases are designed to win defenses . town hall protected a la war bases .  farm bases are designed to protect resources . town hall left outside with storages in your core . 
it 's pretty obvious that he attached multiple photos together . 	it 's pretty obvious the joke went over your head . 
and what base not going down with mass witch ? it is lucky if mass witch fail in any base . 	mass witch fails on most bases it only really works for bases with only a couple of large compartments . 
trophy bases are designed to win defenses . town hall protected a la war bases .  farm bases are designed to protect resources . town hall left outside with storages in your core . 	thanks man . 
i see this base a lot in war ! do you know what your base is called ? 	do n't use this base in war it is one of the easiest th10 bases to 3 star because it is so vulnerable to mass witch . 
the question is if you were joe , how would you have handled the loss of the 116 pages so you could still get away with it ? was that the best option he had ? 	well it seems a lot of people bought his story , so apparently his plan worked ! 
message me when you 're ready . 	can you put it on hold for me ? i have the money in my hand , just need to put it on my debit card . 
can you put it on hold for me ? i have the money in my hand , just need to put it on my debit card . 	ya just do n't blame lmk when you 're ready 
yup , i do n't see how anyone could shoot with a controller . 	they ca n't . it 's called auto - aim . 
you have an incomplete download . 	or you have a complete one and the dock bar had glitched . 
 too bad the ireland is n't a part of nato . because if they were , latvia and ireland could form the irish latvian unified potato brigade . 	armed only with spud guns ! 
i suppose we will get to see how seriously the western european nations take the defense of their eastern allies . 	western europe ? i think you forgot how to spell the usa . 
being of baltic descent in the us i really hope russia does n't invade my parents home countries . it 's a legitimate fear that has to be acted upon . 	nah bro , russia will invade just to return to poland the part that stalin grabbed before the war . then russia will retreat . 
mine is when people do n't realize that the entrance ramp for the highway is used for matching the highway speed . dont get onto the highway going 35 	this one . i also detest people that despite having a mile long exit ramp decide to start slowing down on the highway .  also mini vans . 
if you have to stop on an on ramp , you need to learn how to better judge speed of other vehicles . merging is a skill . 	yea but when there is like 10 cars going 90 down a highway on the right lane , it can be hard 
if you have to stop on an on ramp , you need to learn how to better judge speed of other vehicles . merging is a skill . 	and once they 've stopped , all the cars behind them have to stop , and that can create a traffic jam . 
bottom 5 beat to hit the charts of all time . 	money cash hoes is the worst beat to pop of all time . 
exactly . his argument is so simple . i agree with weed legalization but he makes such a blanket statement . opium comes from poppy so someone could make an argument with the same basis . 	opium should be legal too though . as should all drugs . 
since he 's using the first of the two meanings you posted it 's pretty clear misuse . 	i posted one meaning for each word ; crime and criminal . criminal is someone who commits a crime and a crime can be any unjust act , legal or not . 
i agree completely . that does n't make the state 's enforcement of that law a criminal act . 	legally , no . morally ?  in my opinion , we should n't be so rigid in analyzing the specific words of a statement to the point that we miss the meaning . 
recently ? did n't high schools just get out for summer ? 	i 'm literally sitting on the toilet browsing reddit right now . if you think high school kids are n't on here when class is in session you 're deluded . 
i believe i started off my comment saying i respected joe . now i do n't know about you , but i do n't often respect people who i believe are completely wrong . 	both you and i are completely wrong about a number of opinions we hold , i have no doubt . the difference is there is n't a camera running : p 
great point : from a pretty average guy in terms of brains . he kinda lost me with the whole moon denial thing 	the dmt bit he does is fantastic mind . 
he 's being semantic and so are you . and if you 're calling those who smoke pot criminals while you indeed yourself smoke pot then you 're also a fucking hypocrite . 	you need to calm down man lol . i did n't say it was n't a crime , it definitely is a crime . regardless of whether it deserves the punishment that comes with it , its still illegal . 
i get high and vote . 	yea , but do you tell your friends to ?  shit make it a party and all go in a group then grab some denny 's to go and then smoke up after . 
well , rogan seems to think that people who go to jail for weed possession are there primarily because of the happiness they 're providing . good god have any of you even read the quote ? 	i think you might be the first ever case of brain damage from smoking pot . put down the pipe bro you are n't thinking straight . 
great point : from a pretty average guy in terms of brains . he kinda lost me with the whole moon denial thing 	reference ? 
so is the bookstore going out of business ? or are they just clearing their stock before the summer ? 	little of column a , little of column b .  they 're being taken over by some other company but also have some old stock to clear . 
so is the bookstore going out of business ? or are they just clearing their stock before the summer ? 	the rpi bookstore as we knew it will cease to be around the middle of june . it will be replaced by some national chain location . 
are you out in the sun a lot ? my mom has redness like this , and she says it 's sun damage . 	it 's weird because i am almost never outside , and i usually do not wear tops that expose that area if i am outside 
what 's the weirdest thing you ever encountered a child doing ? 	when i was teaching a male student once lifted up his pants to show that he had stockings . 
yeah i 'll say it .  ever banged a student ? 	you 're speaking to a teacher of 30 years . it 's bang , not banged . 
what do you plan to do during your retirement ? 	i want to go into investing and my family owns a farm ! 
what do you think of the common core ? 	as someone is in high school right now , they pretty much are like hey let 's change everything in the middle of your high school career 
more concern about test than teaching . 	would you say that they have higher expectations of students nowadays ? 
i 've always wanted to revisit my elementary school teachers but i do n't know what i would say lol 	my elementary school teacher probably assumed i was gonna fail at life . i think i 've proved her wrong . 
shit , if i saw any of my old teachers now , i would n't dare use their first name . 	i 've had a couple of my past teachers come into where i work and pleasantly tell me it 's okay to call them their first name , and i still ca n't bring myself to do it . 
inner city is code word for black here right ? 	no , it 's code word for poor and lots of drugs 
you got downvoted , but i agree with you . the fact that some children ca n't pass the extremely easy hs state exit exam is cause for worry . 	and teachers always have a cop out , every time some form of oversight or testing is implemented . it 's never their fault , that their students are n't learning the required material . 
would you say that they have higher expectations of students nowadays ? 	also a teacher . no , expectations are not higher today , and added to that there are no longer actual consequences for failure for most students 
the reason why standardized tests are used is because they are standardized . no studying required , and no excuse for poor scores . have to separate and utilize intelligent kids somehow . 	i think you are confusing the sat and act with k - 12 standardized tests , which are generally not used to separate students based on their test results . 
i know . it just kind of bummed me out because he was really influential to me . 	never meet your hero . 
what is the strangest experience you had as a teacher ? 	another teacher getting drunk in the classroom . 
that 's sad to hear , do you work at a school where most kids are socio - economically disadvantaged ? 	is that really the pc term for poor ? 
in all your years , how many teachers have you seen get fired ? what were some of the reasons ? 	i remember a teacher who would show up to school intoxicated !  the last straw was when she passed out in the classroom . 
when i was teaching a male student once lifted up his pants to show that he had stockings . 	wait your a teacher and you misspelled stockings ?  edit : oh your mom is the teacher . lol did she teach you how to spell ? 
just park at a metro stop and take the metro into the city , then evening game , then metro home . parking is 5 dollars and change . 	yeah , i 've done that before , but the metro ride out after the game is pretty annoyingly crowded and time consuming . 
yeah , i 've done that before , but the metro ride out after the game is pretty annoyingly crowded and time consuming . 	it 's not that bad . for me i do n't want to deal with city parking so it 's the only option . good luck to you though 
that 's pretty ignorant . why not learn about it more ? it 's pretty interesting . 	i do n't have the time to learn , but i have the money for someone to do it for me . we exist too . 
i do n't have the time to learn , but i have the money for someone to do it for me . we exist too . 	you have the time , you just do n't want to spend that time learning to build computers . to each their own . 
i 'm only halfway through it but i guess molester man 's art can be considered shitty . the story is pretty good so far though . 	bruh , wait until you get to the final third . it takes an interesting story and makes it wonderful . 
i liked the web comic style of molester man . 	i did too . i feel people are too harsh on the art . but it is opinion based . 
not the whole manga plot is bad , just at some point , i think maybe when the giant aliens appear , but it was a long time since i read it , so im not sure . 	yeah i also liked it before the alien invasion arc , but the plot never really made sense at any point . 
oh ? what was posted ? it 's a closed group i guess . 	just a photo of your car and the guy who left the stuff . you can asked to be added to the group . 
do you have to pay for the stuff you order ? 	nope , as posted we 're given store credit for the subaru gear webpage for things we want to purchase for ourselves or to give out . 
dow 's lake ones were terrific this year . 	agree , i went in with low expectations and they delivered a great show . maybe not quite canada day but not too far off . 
grandma is still alive but suffers from early onset of dementia . i could ask grandpa next time i see him as it was his home as a kid . thanks for the tip ! 	ah , so sorry to hear that . my grandma has dementia and even though it was n't super severe , it could be so heartbreaking to see . 
religion is stupid . sure . but atheism is just as much . if people could just accept that science is based on theories and hypothesis and not opinions , world would be a better place . 	let 's dumb that down : people need to stop thinking their opinions are allowed to govern other people . 
a society based on religions that are thousands of years old , and not factual , scientific theory and law .  edit : and sound logic . 	religion is stupid . sure . but atheism is just as much . if people could just accept that science is based on theories and hypothesis and not opinions , world would be a better place . 
there are some posts in which i find stupid , and some that i will have a strong opinion on . this post is just plain fucking hilarious . thank you op . 	one man 's pain , another person 's pleasure haha 
i did the same thing with vitamin d tablets . i thought they where just orange flavored candies . my knees hurt like hell . 	same thing happened to me with vitamin c ! 
reminds me of the recommended treatment for altitude sickness : go to a lower altitude . 	recommended treatment for gunshot wounds :  do n't get shot . 
the doctor is just trying to justify the few d 's he got back in school as being an actually decent grade . 	what do you call the guy who graduated last in his med school class ?  doctor 
drinking a ton ! i 'm feeling way better 	good ! if you suddenly increase your fiber by way too much and do n't drink enough water to move all the extra fiber , you can actually end up with severe constipation . 
are they online order only ? 	you can get them at just about any major grocery store or pharmacy . like i said in another comment , rite aid often has buy - one - get - one sales for them . 
i 'm glad everything worked out this time . 	i love happy endings . 
ca n't really overdose on vitamin c , though . 	nah man , i get sick of her after like 1 song . 
i once went on a 4 day backpacking trip and chose to bring fiber one bars as my snack food . they all made fun of how many times i had to go poop 	joe ?  i had a friend do the same thing about 4 years ago . 
hardest thing is to choose which side to go into the toilet .   	nah , just lie on your side in the bathtub and let nature run its course . then when the tempest has ceased its fury , stand up and take a long shower . 
so your knees hurt after eating too much d ? 	rug burn . 
my apartment could use a good cleaning . 	you 'll start with the toilet . 
i did the same thing with vitamin d tablets . i thought they where just orange flavored candies . my knees hurt like hell . 	so your knees hurt after eating too much d ? 
black poop usually means blood !   	or iron . from the vitamins . 
drinking a ton ! i 'm feeling way better 	if you drink too much , just have some more fiber . 
just stick the filter in your mouth and your head into a bucket of water . 	and then take the bus home . 
just do n't drink too much water , cause that will kill you . 	there once was a marvin who swallowed some water he swallowed the water to dissolve the fiber i do n't know why he swallowed the fiber perhaps he 'll die 
oh my god , such an obscure reference lol . 	what , the late 90s ? she 's not that obscure . one hit wonder , sure .  now if you 'd have mentioned eve 's plum , that 's obscure . 
the fuck did i just read ? 	now , it was a story all about how my shit got stuck - would n't come out and i 'd like to take a minute just sit right there i 'll tell you about my impacted bowel even if you do n't care  
i do n't really get it , those things just tend to make my poop more solid , and it 's already pretty solid as is , fiber in general does that 	you probably are n't drinking enough water with the added fiber intake . 
nah man , i get sick of her after like 1 song . 	put a smile on your face ; make the world a better place . 
gotta drink more water with that shit . 	drinking a ton ! i 'm feeling way better 
i did the same thing with vitamin d tablets . i thought they where just orange flavored candies . my knees hurt like hell . 	a , d , e , and k are all fat soluble and thus easier to over do 
hardest thing is to choose which side to go into the toilet .   	i keep a plastic bin under the sink so i can sit on the toilet with my head stuck in the bin so i do n't have to take the chance of choosing wrong . 
what alphabet are you using ? 	campbell 's soup alphabet . 
i took the most painful shit of my life the next day . it was really hard , like plastic , and it was a shiny black color . 	black poop usually means blood !   
nah man , i get sick of her after like 1 song . 	oh my god , such an obscure reference lol . 
i made the mistake once when , as a kid , i found prune juice and drank almost a whole bottle . 	damn , went through you so fast you could n't even finish drinking it 
the better question is why are you naked ?  also , some of us have really tiny bathrooms and still like to see ourselves to shave . 	yep , the way my house is my bathroom only had space for a mirror right across from the toilet , and it 's not even a small bathroom , it was just the way the house was built . 
nah man , i get sick of her after like 1 song . 	then you can listen to some hi - c . 
i did the same thing with vitamin d tablets . i thought they where just orange flavored candies . my knees hurt like hell . 	sounds like my girl after i give her too much of the d .   ; d 
hardest thing is to choose which side to go into the toilet .   	nope ? i 'll clean up vomit before i clean up poop gladly . just line a bucket with a plastic shopping bag or bin liner and throw up yo guts while sitting on the toilet . 
the doctor is just trying to justify the few d 's he got back in school as being an actually decent grade . 	in order to raise my grades , i must lower my standards . 
i took the most painful shit of my life the next day . it was really hard , like plastic , and it was a shiny black color . 	that 's pretty gross man . alcohol is a hell of a drug . 
i did the same thing with vitamin d tablets . i thought they where just orange flavored candies . my knees hurt like hell . 	i once gave a girl too much d and her knees hurt like hell for weeks , too . 
the doctor is just trying to justify the few d 's he got back in school as being an actually decent grade . 	a c in a class is nowhere near decent . 
grills do n't fart .  also , count out 3 seconds . it 's longer than you think . 	does using the stopwatch count ?  and sure grills fart , they use propane gas after all 
the doctor is just trying to justify the few d 's he got back in school as being an actually decent grade . 	d 's in school ? must 've became a dentist 
what do you call the guy who graduated last in his law school class ? your honor . 	someone who will have difficulty finding a job ? 
just do n't drink too much water , cause that will kill you . 	it 's pretty hard to drink too much water . it 's pretty simple . if you 're thirsty then drink . if you 're full or it 's painful to drink then dont drink . you 're body is pretty smart 
what do you call the guy who graduated last in his med school class ?  doctor 	what do you call the guy who graduated last in his law school class ? your honor . 
maybe not . are they usually separate days in court ? 	for complicated matters they tend to be dealt with on a later occasion to allow all parties consider whether they 'll be appealing , etc . 
wow you 're a knockout . please keep posting . 	ladies rarely post pics of themselves , here . it happens occasionally , but the vast majority are just pulled from various places on the internet . 
ca n't protest an umpire 's decision , by rule . even when the umpire 's decision is him being an asshat . 	is the rule actually written that guys can be ejected for stepping out when time has been called ? they cant throw out for no reason if no rule has been broken . 
god dammit harper . stay on the fucking field 	not even close to his fault . 
well you dont want to kill him next to the ball park . way to many cameras . gotta lead him out to the boondocks 	send him up to camden . 
good job marvin , you just gave harper time to get in and out of your wife before you get home . bravo 	i dunno if it 's just me , but his wife should stay out of it . it 's bad enough she 's married to him , imo . 
serious question , does anything happen with hudson after the game ? 	nope . officials for all major sports are never held accountable . 
yankees fans saying harper deserved to be tossed . lol . 	times i gave a shit about what yankees fan say :   
i 'm at dinner so i ca n't watch but does anyone have the pitch track for what harper got thrown out for ? was he right ? what happened ? 	had nothing to do with a pitch . it 's too long to explain . do n't ruin your dinner . wait till after . 
what do you think bryce and matt are doing in the dugout ? beers and watching the game ? 	matt 's probably having a beer . i do n't think bryce drinks ? 
what bar does he goto on half street after the game ?  ill buy the shots . 	big stick or justin 's . if you have big tits , he will come to you . 
i hope marvin hudson feels like a big man for not being able to call a decent game and taking it out on players when he gets called out . 	ramos needs to call for a high fastball and then do n't bother to catch it . message will be received . 
i bet harper took hudson 's wife out to a nice steak dinner and plans on never calling her again 	marvin found out when he found a bryce harper memorabilia basket under the bed . 
only thing standing between us and holding first alone is marvin hudson . 	and he 's doing a fine job of it . 
the fuck is this , the sherman 's march to the sea game ? 	first atlanta , then new york .  soon st . louis and los angeles 
marvin hudson burned our crops , poisoned our water supply and brought a plague upon our houses 	the fuck is this , the sherman 's march to the sea game ? 
bryce is sneaking beer from werth 's locker . 	and using his built in bottle opener . 
this is absurd . matt or randy should put this game under protest . you ca n't throw a guy out for stepping out of the box . this is the umps trying to show bryce up for his conflict last week . 	ca n't protest an umpire 's decision , by rule . even when the umpire 's decision is him being an asshat . 
i gotta say this has been a really close couple of games . hate to see the yanks losing but i do love some quality baseball 	if only the umps were n't trying to screw everyone over . but bad against both . 
til . that 's a strange rule , imo . 	makes sense to me . ca n't go to first if someone else is there , and they are n't going to kick that guy off first in the off chance that the guy who struck out makes it safely . 
exactly . glad to see things are changing at the ground level faster than i expected . 	lol . my mum and sister both got their passports in less than 3 weeks , last year . anecdotal evidence does n't mean shit , mate . 
oh man , i forgot michelle did homestuck art . 	me too . i mean , i theoretically knew , but i did n't connect the dots until i saw people say her name here . now i definitely recognize the style , though . 
two words : marriage counseling 	bunch of words : often does n't work . in my case , the counselor basically told us what i already knew , that my wife needed to get her shit together . waste of money . 
mat k said ahk 1 : 1 is fine . do n't remember where i remember reading this tho 	i see different mods saying different things all the time . may k says it is okay and then mod infinity says it is n't . 
yes , because i know which of my farming patches are dead at any moment ! 	that 's saved in your local game files . 
ahk is like a gun . use it to shoot at targets or hunt deer , that 's ok . use it to rob a bank , not ok .  what you do with ahk determines whether it is ok or not . how is that unclear ? 	wise old man used ahk . 
do n't worry . the less you know the less it hurts . 	oh ok so you 're just making shit up good to know 
is english your first language ? because if not , i think you should take our word for it that blacks and black people have very different connotations . 	there 's not many blacks in my country , so no . 
to be fair i think this would be a pretty uncomfortable position to be put into . 	i 'm sure it was but she had to have known the point of going on the show was to discuss and debate her views . i got the feeling about 10 minutes in she was regretting having agreed to come on 
how are we feeling about garcia vs dbacks on tuesday . struggled with command in first start with very few k 's . are we rolling him out this week ?   	i listed garcia is a start , but i dont feel great about it . his whip is always too high , which limits his upside 
you underestimate the community . i do n't think you will find too many people here who will defend those comments . 	plenty will defend them as just trolls because that somehow makes a comments section full of hatred ok if you label them trolls . 
did you even bother to read the comments in your own image ? they complain about the deletion of the top - rated comments right there .  why the hell are you exempt from the 10 minutes rule ? 	you are going to have to point out where . 
are you christian or just very young ?  edit : joke guys , i had the feeling i would be downvoted 	i personally would like this to block all those type amen chain letter posts . 
i honestly do n't care for all these fans from other subreddits giving us their support or whatever . 	i do n't mind the support so long as they do n't change their flairs . 
holy shit this fanbase made me vomit . 	why the fuck are you even here ? 
i honestly do n't care for all these fans from other subreddits giving us their support or whatever . 	seriously . get off our nuts . we still hate you all . 
can you buy these ? 	i made these . but i 'm sure you could probably pay someone to make them for you . or make them yourself . it 's not hard . 
i 'll just chime in that i 'd love to see a pattern for this . also , i adore that mod green , it 's beautiful ! 	is n't it an amazing green ! my eye was instantly drawn to it and i did n't even debate whether another color would be better . i 'd love to share a pattern , i 'll write one up tomorrow . 
oh you free hand hookers ! would you be able to share a rough pattern with us ? 	no problem , i 'll write one up tomorrow . 
looks like a ram with an f150 front end . 	japanese based companies often times buy second or third choice body designs from the big three in an effort to appeal to the american market . 
yes , you need water to make clay . if it was there before and dried up , or there is a small stream or something , you could possibly find some in the cave . 	geology - wise , water is unlikely to make a pure deposit of clay under those conditions . but i take your point . 
it just seems less arbitrary to me since there are somewhat fleshed out rules for epic 6 games . there 's also an epic 8 alternative as well . 	i guess i 've just never heard of that . i just want something that could be a sensible starting character . 
things like that are hard to remember because they do n't come up very often unless it 's a specific setting . 	i agree , but it 's something i never forget now . also , considering the rp style of paladins it would make sense for them to be walking among plague victims curing them by laying of hands . 
so they can see what kind of morality code you have . that 's cool .  but can they see why kids love cinnamon toast crunch ? 	the real question is , does cinnamon toast crunch have an evil aura ? clearly it is enslaving children ! 
trying to railroad a high level wizard is a fools errand . it will quickly become obvious that it 's a railroad and the players will get pissed 	if i was trying to railroad them in the same situation , i probably would have had the half - giant wait outside while the wizard used stone shape , then deck him as he walks out of the cave . 
yup , in the middle of a trade . awesome ! i 'll message you when free . 	sounds good ! could we trade in your town ? i do n't have any dropping space lmao 
that actually helps a lot . you 're a good man ! 	no problem dude ! good luck with the leveling ! 
fair enough man , glad to see it 's not affecting everyone . just putting the word out there in case someone 's getting the same blue screens as me and has no idea what 's happening 	np , just wanted to clear the it wasnt really related , what os are you on ? 
you fucked this all up , op . check that sidebar . 	i usually do . the price i pay for being old . 
i noticed you put you parrying me in there , but not me getting back up and putting you in your place . well done protector , you have quite the kill count . 	thank you . yes i had to put it in there but i had to keep it short . it was a good fight . 
i was just on imdb and sadly ever one of the stars of this show has passed . wonderful show . i 'm glad we can watch all these episodes in this digital age . 	i saw young mr . grace on his yacht the just the other day ! unfortunately old mr . grace does n't get about much anymore . 
all you wrote is complete bullshit . 	well i do know kiev is having trouble even conscription troops .  his final statement is not far off i do n't think . this semi proxy war will likely become a full proxy war fairly soon . 
it 's an opinion piece , but a bloody good one . calling both sides out on their bullshit is something that has n't happened nearly enough . 	calling both sides on their bullshit is lazy journalism . no one is right , they are both wrong , etc . 
are you a dude or a girl ? - i do n't know why it matters but it 's not worthy of the spank bank without the details : d 	i 'm a dude , enjoy the mental image . 
i ran a monitor in the background and the gpu was n't going over 77 celsius , i think it may well be a power issue though . 	what about your cpu ? 
water : it 's good for your skin and stuff 	i work with 4 other guys in an office and i have never seen them drink water since i have been there . it 's so easy to up your water intake , and you will see some serious benefits from it . 
was n't this patched ? 	only on pc . that patch has n't hit the consoles yet . 
he will either keep it as a trophy of sorts or he will donate it . 	donation is probably the most likely outcome . 
yeah , he was open to test from the start but i have been doing things step by step since by the time it gets to test then its that and nothing else . im not rushing it is what i am trying to say 	well cool that your not going in guns blazing like most kids trying for trt lol . most likely you will end up on test though 
how long do you think he 'll be out for ? 	nobody knows , we do n't even know what happened to his foot . 
khedira is awful . loss of form is so noticeable . feel bad for him . 	when modric is back he will not play anyway . also when lucas is ready too . 
criticizing real in a real match thread : you dun goofed . 	i was n't even criticizing rm but the ref . in la liga a handball in the box is a penalty everytime regardless of intent . same logic should apply to an opponents face when entering a challenge . 
bone injury , could be fracture . will get tests tonight .  isco will be receiving all the kicks in the derby . 	fuck seriously , that is tragic 
us dropping points against atleti doesnt work for you ? ok then .  i understand now . 	works for every other team too . 
how bad do they look ? i 'm at work so i cant watch it 	ramos nothing serious but probably wont play vs atletico . didnt catch james one but its a foot thing , so it cant be too good . 
yellow card for that ? what the fuck ? 	should be lucky it was n't a red for last man , mate . 
yellow card for that ? what the fuck ? 	keeper saw it as him grabbing for the ball stopping the play with his arm .  downvoted for answering the question , lol . never called a right or wrong call . 
since we wo n't meet for a while it does n't serve us at all . 	us dropping points against atleti doesnt work for you ? ok then .  i understand now . 
how arbeloa still gets starts for this team i will never know , lets hope he does n't continue to shit the bed 	agreed , he is a huge liability . horrendous at defending i . e poor positioning and reckless in his challenges while adding nothing going forward . 
mexicans doing all the work as usual . 	i do n't know what to tell you we 're hard workers . 
any hd english streams ? : 3 please and thank you 	do these work ? whenever i see an hd stream , its very nice for the first few minutes , but then they either get taken down quickly or become unbearable to watch due to lag .   
get fucked sevilla . playing dirty , diving and shouting at the ref wo n't get you anywhere . 	lol wait who is playing atleti on saturday with up to 3 missing key players ?   
a 16 year old making his madrid debut in a champions league match , no pressure there . 	that 's the dream is n't it though , imagine scoring on your real madrid debut at 16 playing in the champions league ? i envy that kind of pressure . 
there is a brown stain above the deli meat drawer . i feel like it was from something innocuous , but i completely forgot what spilled and it is sticky . 	yeah i got some nasty brown stains from a bottle of soy sauce i dropped a while back . t_t 
you lasted that far without launching the rocket . dat self control . 	you can launch the rocket ? 
in a similar vein , legend of korra . maybe just books 3 and 4 because i 'd be worried that i would be turned off by book 2 like some people were . 	honestly , i count them all as the same now . hell , s3 and 4 of korra are better than tla imo . 
game of thrones . never have i ever cried in anguish for a tv show like i did for the red wedding . 	i had the red wedding spoiled for me on here a few days before i watched it . i 'd give anything to rewatch it without knowing what would happen . 
the wire , hands down . it feels like i compare every tv drama to it and i 've just been chasing the dragon ever since . 	i have n't watched the wire : d 
movie : the sixth sense tv show : heroes . and then i 'll make sure i never watch it . such a disappointing show after the 1st season . 	sixth sense would be a good one . i somehow went into that movie not only not knowing the twist , but i did n't even know there was a twist . so i was completely caught off - guard . 
that is my favorite sci - fi horror film . have you tried helix yet ? same type of setting . 	is that a tv show or a film ? 
i 'm gonna call poe 's law . that 's almost too clever . plus is n't the image that 's based on literally nazi propaganda ? 	not really that clever once you realize the basic pic is a classic 4chan meme . shopping it to look like people is an ancient art . 
there 's no way totalbiscuit wrote that right ? it reads like gg fan fiction written by a teenager .  edit : now i 'm not so sure  	it was a pompous , arrogant , word salad written in the style of what an idiot thinks an intelligent person sounds like .  of course tb wrote it . 
the occasional strong female protagonist will destroy the industry . 	women in games may not have e cup tits while wearing spandex uniforms and might have more relevance to the plot than being in a fridge . the horror ! 
no , tb is just a youtube personality , so he is n't bound by any known ethical standards . 	um , excuse me , this is about ethics in lets plays . 
it was a pompous , arrogant , word salad written in the style of what an idiot thinks an intelligent person sounds like .  of course tb wrote it . 	um , excuse me . he has an iq of 155 . however i understand that your lesser intelligence could not possibly comprehend such genius .   
using racist , homophobic and sexist language just makes you a paragon of free speech . the people opposing it are the hateful ones . makes perfect sense . 	censorship is basically preventing someone from talking because you disagree with them . therefore , disagreeing with someone is censorship , except when i do it . 
as far as the nova class goes , it 's possible that the holodeck on the uss equinox was simply destroyed along with a lot of their other equipment . 	i do n't know , that ship is tiny , and it was n't built for long duration missions . it may not have anything like a holodeck . 
fuck prison . i want this pile of shit shot . 	or to be raped violently by a silver back gorilla . this guy is a cunt . 
that 's a lot of assumptions based on the idea that nobody wants to learn how to defend themselves and would rather do cardio kickboxing . 	there 's a pretty big gulf between cardio kickboxing and kicking people on te ground 
which is what makes his brutality all the more cowardly . seriously , what pathetic animal piece of shit . 	yeah , it 's the knocking them out then bringing them round with more head kicks , like he just kept kicking them until his feet got sore , horrific 
why have boxing gloves on and then stomp the shit out of people ? 	because gloves stop your own hands from getting injured . 
there 's a pretty big gulf between cardio kickboxing and kicking people on te ground 	train however you like . like i said , it was a great filter .   
more pure speculation here , but chris wood ? 	have n't seen him play at all but if my football manager campaign with lie - chester is anything to judge by he should put up 20 easy in mls . 
you mean because its one of 5 maps total ? 	it 's either lockout , or shrine for me . the other 3 maps do n't matter at all according to my game sessions . 
no it was chicken , potato , spinach and something soup ! it was great though ! 	did you pour some down the seat tube for your partner or are you already insisting that she drop to race weight ? 
what music ? 	dead , yes , floyd , the likes . also some mac demarco . 
more pics ? 	if serious pm me . also you can check my post history . i posted some a few days ago 
guess we are making room for allen and neal .  people going to start calling us isis . shooters everywhere . 	haha , i have been calling philips the trap house this year because we got shooters everywhere . 
y 'all do n't know what cringe is damn ! y 'all let so much non cringe worthy shit slide ; whereas this shit is hella awkward and cringy . work on your mod game . 	no music videos . plain and simple . reread the rules 
no music videos . plain and simple . reread the rules 	why though even if it is cringe ? pointless having a thread for cringe when you ca n't post cringe . 
did you buy it through the play store ? looks like a scammed version you got . 	no i actually got the free version . i 'm not sure what gives 
gamestop would n't accept an open , used pc game . a console ? sure . but not a pc game . 	it 's not in a box it was bought through steam 
techies in jungle ? wtf m8 insane tactics 	stack and then stack mines to kill with , pretty easy . 
so only apply very light coats to it then ? 	i 'd say apply one or two light coats making sure to blot off the extra bleach immediately and very well .   
well , i personally feel there 's a distinction between viewing the content on a site and downloading that content to a hard drive , but i know others will say there is n't a difference . 	watching anime on an illegal streaming website and downloading it are both piracy . they both involve distributing it for view without buying or viewing the official release . 
i have a business card of hers as well if anyone would like to see her etsy page . it sounds like a shameless plug but , as you can see , she is amazing . 	if you would , i 'd love to see more of her work . my brothers birthday is coming up . 
baiting it out would be best . if you 're fighting someone who air dodges every time you approach them in the air , just hold your up air for a sec until they dodge . 	i 'll give it a try , thanks for the help , if anyone else has tips please let me know . 
i gave that a thought but it did n't look like to me , it could be though . do you have any tips on how to deal with air dodging ? 	baiting it out would be best . if you 're fighting someone who air dodges every time you approach them in the air , just hold your up air for a sec until they dodge . 
miami . the backlash if we somehow lost to them scares me . 	they may not even make the playoffs with bosh out tbh . and even if they do , should be an easy matchup . lebron wo n't let emotions get to him for a playoff series . 
thank you im getting down voted like i 'm being a jerk when i 'm asking about anatomy . one of my exes was like this and i always wondered 	i hate when i 'm asking a simple question only to get downed . i think its rude , and in away it shows the true ignorance of people . that being said i sent you some up vote love . 
classic taylor swift line . 	i knew taylor swift was a trap all along . 
ok but i do n't . not on nearly the same scale . 	native american here . can confirm . we do n't remotely grow anything like this . or chest hair . not even fuzz . a little bit on the chin to drive you nuts , but that 's about it . 
i think the point was that none of us would have been born without women . 	last time i checked , none of us would be born without men too . 
last time i checked , none of us would be born without men too . 	i think she was just trying to illustrate that women are as important as men . 
i was making the question more coherent and understandable , not turning it in for english class . 	sure , but we want op to learn the best english they can , right ? 
earth ? because there is life on earth ? 	yeah but if there 's life on the other planets ? 
please do . i 'd love to talk about actual football . 	i 'll wait till he hits round 2 . mainly because i want to see if he finally slots us a wr , as people here will not be happy with the first two picks methinks lol . 
no worries , just reply when you 've got it fixed so i know to look . 	fixed except for the block through blizzard 's looking glass . i ca n't get it to go into code formatting for whatever reason . 
fixed except for the block through blizzard 's looking glass . i ca n't get it to go into code formatting for whatever reason . 	probably the spacing or new line things , i 'll take a look now though . 
wow , that 's awesome ! glad i could be of some help . hope you have some happy squatting ahead of you . 	i feel like the older i get , the more i learn how to lift heavy correctly instead of just lifting heavy . it 's all in the core and foundation of each lift . 
alright , next time someone on my team in mm says a guy is cheating i 'll know it 's him throwing for skins and not using hacks , thanks for informing me 	idk if you 're trolling or just downright stupid . do you think people hack in card games too when they 're cheating ? 
why just males ? 	because males are more likely to attempt and succeed with suicide and the majority of the military are male . 
also , you need to like take out infants and toddlers out of the equation since they do n't have the means to commit suicide . what is that ? about another third of the general population ? 	one could reasonably assume that the cause of death for that category listed on the death certificate would not be suicide . 
it works and cost would be much more reasonable . trust me , i 've been working on the billboard funding aspect for about a week and the cost is a downright bitch . 	ok . let me redesign in poster format . should i just post here in comments or a new post altogether ? 
we could do the same thing in poster format . 	it works and cost would be much more reasonable . trust me , i 've been working on the billboard funding aspect for about a week and the cost is a downright bitch . 
ok . let me redesign in poster format . should i just post here in comments or a new post altogether ? 	i think this post would work just fine . that way the discussion we 're having right now will have an end result , all in one place . 
love ? what is that , a new kind of hamburger ? 	ya it 's the same as a normal hamburger , but with cheese 
keepers would make the league so much more fun and unique , why would anyone not want them ? there 's no prize money it 's all for fun 	yeah to this point , it 's not for money , having a mandatory player from your team be coo 
lol that 's where it went xd u can keep it , the golden set is long gone xd 	haha okay , thanks : p 
who the fuck changes clothes three times a day ? 	work wear , casual wear , pyjamas . 
fan scripts are kind of sad now that we ca n't imagine them as future episodes because there wo n't be future episodes . 	there 's always hope probably . 
if nobody understands what you 're talking about its because you cant deliver a point properly 	so when you tell your dog to go do the laundry it 's the dog 's fault it does n't understand you ? 
she 's 10 . everybody for her are teachers , family , and her friends . 	no , me . i 've never spoken at a human being who admitted that they voted for tony abbott and would do so again knowing what they know now .  except maybe my cranky uncle from up north . 
what have you got against tall teachers ? 	as a short graduate , everything . 
i think there 's a difference between indoctrination and simple parroting . are you suggesting that parents should n't discuss politics around kids until they 're 16 ? 	i think he only wants that if the parents vote liberal . 
he 'd be just as wary of you as you are of him , mdma enthusiast elmo would be worse . 	true , unwelcome heavy petting would the pressing concern with elmo .   
so you think a 9 year old follows political and economic news ? 	absolutely , everyone 's children are geniuses these days , has n't anyone told you ? 
i 'm sure he reached these conclusions through independent research and reasoning and not through parental indoctrination . oh wait , he 's 9 . 	pretty obvious . if i were the teacher i 'd be asking the parents to stop doing the kid 's homework . 
good to see he 's being encouraged to make up his own mind . 	does n't matter if you 're 9 .  he can have an opinion . 
no ? its my fault for expecting a dog to understand english i think maybe youre a little less intelligent than you think you are 	woof . 
so you think a 9 year old follows political and economic news ? 	he did n't write anything about the economy . on purely environmental grounds he has reason to dislike abbott and kids get quite a lot of exposure to environmental news at school . 
so you think a 9 year old follows political and economic news ? 	my little brother consistently watched the news with my parents from age 5 . so it 's possible . 
things more mind - blowing then this season of house of cards 	how john l . smith keeps getting employed 
jim harbaugh 's next signature clothing item to replace his khakis 	music city bowl t - shirt 
jameis winston shower thoughts . 	my hands still smell like crabs ! 
the adult reindeer has antlers . do n't only males have antlers ? 	both female and male reindeer have antlers . male reindeer actually lose their antlers in the winter , while the female reindeer keep their antlers in the winter . 
mother and baby . this make me sad to the core . 	at least their end was fast . 
maine has a fuckton of deer . 	but a small population , so collisions would be more rare than michigan , or missouri . 
at least their end was fast . 	but was it also furious ? 
am i the only one who saw a funny cartoon in my head when reading the title ? 	nope . 
gave me a slight chuckle . it 's like knock your socks of but instead it 's a fetus .  i guess i 'm just weird . 	abortion clinic : no fetus can beat us edit : my friend used to answer his cell phone like that in hs . not cool now as an adult , but we got some laughs outta it sometimes 
there is no fucking way i am clicking on that . 	i clicked the fuck outta it . 
im muslim but i learned to laugh at it . its sad that our rep has gone so low now but we have to laugh at our religion with the others if we are to not be categorized with isis and shit 	yeah . percentage - wise , i 've met more nice muslims than any other religion . still do n't like the religion itself , but the people who practice it generally are good people . 
mym , cw and sk took lulu and win their games today .  roccat will win this . they have lulu . 	also blue side won every game so far ! 
please post on feet pictures my friend . i am curious to see how they look 	will do my man , i had some additional images that failed to upload in the process but i 'll upload on feet when i get back . 
hey at least they do n't win on the even years . yeesh ! like the new new york yankees   of the nl . who needs that ? 	last year was an even year and i do n't for the life of me remember the yankees winning anything . 
i do n't have a specific example , but it 's a pretty generic noise so forgive me . does anyone know how to make a whistle like you hear in so many west - coast hip - hop songs ? 	that whistle is usually just a saw wave , or a saw wave sounds a lot like it . 
yes , bb is on german netflix and you can watch it dubbed or with original sound and subtitles . 	you can also watch it original without subtitles , like a sane person . 
nice touch with the lowercase b ! 	as an ocd wielder it sucks e . e 
i 'm leaning towards the blonde personally !  can i ask which one is your natural colour ? or is it neither ? 	the brunette is my natural color . i dyed it blonde a couple weeks ago and i 'm still not sure how i feel about it . 
agreed , maybe in a few years swap sterling for torres and put suarez up front . would be an amazing team . 	sterling has a long way to go before he 's anywhere near liverpool - era torres . 
i 'm surprised there 's not a mh anime by now with how popular it is in japan . it could be really good if done right . 	focus on the hunter protecting a village like in 3u this could be awesome .  mh4u also could translate well . 
cool ! do you take pictures with it ? 	occasionally , i will post some soon , i hope . 
in massachusetts . what 's spring ? 	fuck your winter   - canada 
he 's got 16 million of dead money . cutting him actually costs more against the salary cap than keeping him does . 	i 'm sorry dead money either way . the guy is seriously damaging our team . 
they 're talking at a technical level . x server creates the display , but everything on screen is handled by chrome . chrome runs a window system within a window system . 	because it 's easy once you have dom styling , rendering and manipulation .  you can implement a window manager in not too many lines of js using this base 
it 's amazing how fast she hopped onto the internet to quickly find an excuse for her obesity , not find out how to cope with adhd . 	this . it 's almost like she honestly lost her train of thought and just went on about obesity . so i would say the diagnosis is correct rofl . 
hey , i 'm a small fat ! 310 down from 312 ! i 'm not a hamplanet anymore guise 	damn , you look hot in that hefty bag , baby . 
350 lbs . weighing over 3 times that of my sister .  things like this really takes the cake . 	takes the cake and eats the entire thing without sharing .   
do n't worry mate , procrastination is a problem for lots of people . including me .  this should n't prevent you from trying to fight it , but do n't think you 're wrong because of this . 	it feels wrong though . it feels like my brain just does n't work properly . i ca n't keep doing this and hating life . 
he 's the only guy not smiling . 	guy on the right does n't smile too 
that 's what stopped me from tearing it down too . however because the wall is on the exterior of the house , color me uncertain . 	it 's just to frame out the dead space behind the shower . definitely not load bearing . 
i think this is a good idea . start teaching them young , no need to have an actual driving lesson though , just basic education about traffic laws . prevention is better than cure right ? 	yes ! a great idea indeed ! just would like to add that driving schools are expensive for the masses . integrating driving lessons to government schools means free education for future drivers . 
oh my god i guess i understand how madrid fans have such high expectations , but you are all starting to sound like spoiled brats . 	lol i 'm not even a madrid fan ? 
i do n't they deserve all the criticism . sure they 're in a bad form , but they 're still at the same level than barcelona in la liga and qualified for the next cl round . 	real had a good early part of the season into a shit ending .  barca had a shit start and are now getting good . 
the clasico is going to be fucking hell on my nerves . what i would n't give to see a game of madrid in their november form vs barcelona in their current form . 	that would be absolutely terrifying , but i have no doubt real madrid have a chance to win this even in their current form . 
arsenal fans boo the team too . we want to win things we just do n't . look at the treatment wenger gets after a bad week 	if wenger was barcelona manager , he 'd be out . if the board backed him , they 'd be out . if any player including messi backed him while there were no trophies coming , he 'd still be out . 
because they got beat 6 - 0 last year ?  losing to schalke is an absolute embarrassment to madrid .  they 're not city or psg 	oh my god i guess i understand how madrid fans have such high expectations , but you are all starting to sound like spoiled brats . 
that 's because this is not a 1 match incident . real madrid has been playing like shit this year , most of their wins have not even been convincing . 	and booing is going to make them play better ? 
no matter how shit he is , nobody dares bench casillas . look what happened to mourinho . 	yeah , i know . it 's sad to see he 's forcing himself into the squad at the detriment of the team . 
i 'm with you . i honestly do n't get why everyone acts like it 's a humiliation to lose to schalke . they 're not a bunch of amateur players who kicked a ball for the first time yesterday . 	because they got beat 6 - 0 last year ?  losing to schalke is an absolute embarrassment to madrid .  they 're not city or psg 
real madrid were n't at their best for sure , but i ca n't help but feel that real madrid would have won if they had a different goal keeper . 	tbf , he did save them at the end . 
that 's how the gop ended up controlling congress . if you 're under 40 , fucking vote . 	i 'll vote for reps and senators . absolutely . i 'll vote for office of president too , so long as it is n't one of those two . 
the solution is to feed congress to a bear . 	this is inhumane . no bear could eat that much . at least get a few bears . 
i would n't give one of your brothers names , however . 	depends on your relationship with the brother . 
why do rich kids always do crap like that i went to hs with a kid whose family was ridiculously wealthy and to make money on the side he sold weed . i never understood it . 	some people like to earn money .  some people like to steal things .  sometimes these people have rich parents . 
why do rich kids always do crap like that i went to hs with a kid whose family was ridiculously wealthy and to make money on the side he sold weed . i never understood it . 	hey , i have rich parents and i got nothing . i worked so i could have spending money . 
some people like to earn money .  some people like to steal things .  sometimes these people have rich parents . 	seriously . stupid respects no income level . 
there is also an individual trophy . 	failure to identify for lotion theft questioning is n't going to win anything . 
i went to high school with him , class of 2011 . he got caught stealing batteries from walmart . 	why do rich kids always do crap like that i went to hs with a kid whose family was ridiculously wealthy and to make money on the side he sold weed . i never understood it . 
why do rich kids always do crap like that i went to hs with a kid whose family was ridiculously wealthy and to make money on the side he sold weed . i never understood it . 	well , not that i know this random person 's family , but you 're exactly right , his family is rich ie his parents , not him . 
many in my unit report having crash issues when a game is found . i get them too 	i submitted a pretty comprehensive bug report re this issue . hopefully they fix it soon . 
do you mean violet ? 	no , robin has the same hairstyle as hancock . viola at least has some waves in her hair and a strand that runs down her face . they do all look similar in the background though . 
they die trying to kill him and suddenly he 's back to normal . 	he 'll be back in the high life again . 
is it bad that i knew this was matt hughes from just seeing his dick ? 	no it 's bad that you ca n't tell that it 's not him from his face 
have you seen stevie wonder 's house ?  well neither has he . 	are you going to tell me that stevie wonder does n't love his wife , just because he 's never seen what she looks like ? 
also did you have any problems with the boat taking on water ?   	i had no troubles with water . 
sad to see leverkusen go out . if they won , it would bring more attention and support for the bundesliga and show people the bundesliga is full of great teams . 	they just had to go with those god awful penalties . 
sad to see leverkusen go out . if they won , it would bring more attention and support for the bundesliga and show people the bundesliga is full of great teams . 	it was sad but not really unexpected . i feel bad for leno , who did very well during the penalty shootout . shame that some of his teammates could n't deal with the pressure . 
are you finishing up your school year now ? lucky bugger if you are .   	yeah . 12th year . just finished the last german exam of my lyfe ! classes are officially done on the 22nd of may , and my oral biology exam is on the 15th of june , right after we win the cl . 
that 's bullshit . she accepted the money man , do n't put the blame on the guy that gave the gift . she is an awful human being , and it has nothing to do with not being able to handle stress . 	i was n't trying to point out that the guy was at fault , just that he should n't take her actions personally . we are only human after all .   
woman , but thank you . 	i do n't see gender , only names . 
doubt it was an actual scam , i think she just freaked out . that said , it sounds like she was having some issues , i would n't blame yourself dude . 	i 'm on the fence too . wonder if the hospital visits were mental health related ? or maybe i just assume that all the time because i work in the field . 
is n't mother 's day on may 10 ? did i miss something ? 	not gonna lie , i had to check to make sure i was n't a terrible child 
i 'm sorry , did people with different , populist views hurt your feelings ?  quick , be a sarcastic ass on reddit ! 	some people worry too much about their fake smart ass online persona . i 'm sure it takes them a good long while to produce these witty and colbert - like ramblings . 
wait . what 's wrong with getting money out of politics ? 	because it puts candidates on equal ground , which is frightening to some politicians . 
oh please . if they dug around that island they 'd find a lot worse than that . mcafee et al . plus seven seas is hardly a resort . good grief . 	er , i think you may have missed the point there chum .  good grief ! 
he 's still pretty backwards , but the guy is pretty old and to be fair , i think he 's come quite a long way . i agree we should n't exactly start patting him on the back about it , though . 	i 'd say this country is better off without him . i hope they revoke his citizenship . 
do the kkk wizards fight voodoo priests ? 	only with white magic power . 
that looks nice . i 'll check it out , thanks ! 	you gonna love it , the nib is way more smooth . the shape of the barrel is better to hold without the sharp ring in the middle . 
great job ! stick around ! we like to hear how people are doing . 	thanks for the support ! will do ! 
who needs a military , when there 's a bunch of nuts with all sorts of guns , that are constantly paranoid about anything and everything destroying america from the inside ? 	i see them spending all this money on guns then starving to death . but hey at least they would have a heavily armed corpse 
if they lost the money do what that lawyer did to bank of america . go seize their shit . office chairs , desks , computers . they 'll find the money fast . 	patrol car , firearms , all their light bars , their workout equipment , etc 
it 's only a crime to them if you steal from fellow cops . 	yep . seen cops place hidden cameras to catch a fellow cop who steals cops 's lunches from the office fridge .   
to me they are like high heels . they look great but i see no purpose and just cant stop thinking about how dumb of a design they are . 	have you shot one ? 
that 's the shit bonnie buys . i buy the expensive stuff because when i drink it , i want to taste it . 	when bonnie goes shopping , she buys shit .  but you want to know what 's bothering me now ? it ai n't the coffee in my kitchen , it 's the dead nigger in my garage . 
when bonnie goes shopping , she buys shit .  but you want to know what 's bothering me now ? it ai n't the coffee in my kitchen , it 's the dead nigger in my garage . 	when you came pulling up in here , did you notice a sign out in front of my house ? 
4th : some of them fight for women in countries where they are treated as sub - human . they do exist . its just you do n't hear of them because they are n't worthy clickbait titles . 	anyone who agrees with the core tenets of academic feminism is an idiot . doing good and calling yourself feminist just makes you ignorant . 
i think ideally a minority government is what is needed right now . it would force co - operation . 	with these numbers it 's not so bad but the problem is when a party like the bloc has the power to form gov with another party and the bloc then gets a disproportionate amount of influence . 
this is going to turn into a very weak minority for one of the parties with ndp holding all the swing power . i do n't hate that . 	i think ideally a minority government is what is needed right now . it would force co - operation . 
no one 's directly campaigning yet . there are n't huge advertising campaigns yet . once parliament moves out of session we 'll see some mobility . 	that 's not true , the harper government has been campaigning since they won the last election . it 's been non - stop . 
i like remasters because they put good games on the relevant machines . it 's a preservation thing . 	i like reliving fond memories with graphics that actually held up to what i remember .  i played 100s of hours of ff7 in 1997 . try as i might , i cannot enjoy it anymore in its pure form 
i 'm a highschool senior . only 18 . 	why is your school having a party ? 
i 'm sitting at home , on my bed doing some english hw 	i 'm about to head home to get ready for the party . 
set number of actions per turn is popular . so , move , attack , loot , etc ? 	i was thinking about that . makes me wonder how often a player pulls a card to signify resource movement or disaster movement 
thanks for pointing this out . im sure there will be more bouts of happiness in my posts as my health gets better . ill work on making that happen . 	if you 're going through depression like me , you gotta know you will get them . you 're trying new things , that at least means you 're fighting the apathy part . keep at it . 
people in general are horrible . why do you think a good chunk of the smartest people on earth prefer to work by themselves ? 	i sometimes dream that i 'm in the military and going away to war for a long time . 
how much cash can you add for the ps3 ? i only see the loose melee unless you have unlisted stuff 	i have danganronpa 1 unlisted . that 's about it . i do n't have much cash i can put towards a ps3 right now . 
i have rayman legends , soul sacrifice and dragon 's crown for vita . interested in trading them for the 16gb card ? 	hmm . are they all physical and cib ?  seeing as only one of those is really a game i ever thought of getting , it 'd be a tough decision . are those all you have for trade ? 
i 'm willing to trade demon gaze for a 16gb vita memory card 	eh , interesting offer . any other games though ? not sure how i feel about that game . 
its on this sub for a reason . read the sidebar . just because its well done doesnt mean its not shitty . do n't be a little bitch . 	were your parents related ? like , before they were married . 
the kid that owns this lives in my neighborhood and is obsessed with it . he 's put thousands into it . 	cool story bro . at the end of the day he sunk thousands into s mediocre rwd car at best . 
this is a recurring nightmare of mine . i 've already graduated too . 	i should still be able to pass as long as i do n't skip another exam . c 'est la vie . 
1 hour later due to time change .  i am feeling sick , it sucks , but maybe that i just need to sleep . 	i hate daylight savings . 
i decided that , logically , the brute force approach was the correct one . lol . 	yeah , that makes sense at your stage though . at mine , it 'd be really weird to do that , and i 'd out myself a lot in the process . 
start painting them ! it 's how i got myself to stop biting ! 	it probably would n't work at that stress level . this was hold back tears stress 
you know you can set up forwarding , right ? that 's what i did when i set up my new email : p 	it wont let me forward it from gmail to gmail , i tried it out and it shot me down . go figure . oh well - weeding out more spam this way . lol . 
well i mean technically csgo dosent use elo but yeah the ranks you are playing is still an indication of how close you are to rank up . 	it probably use . its just hidden from the players 
i 'd be more disappointed with that shitty looking pizza 	compared to the pizza hut by my house this pizza looks awesome . 
how exactly are they not lining up ? when is your period starting ? 	its starting like 4 - 5 pills before the placebo week 
is that a tortilla bowl ? 	it 's a sugar glider bowl now . 
how did you even come up with that ? please tell me because i do n't understand how anything i said correlates to me acting like i am better than you . 	just read all of your comments , that all i need to say .   
on a less serious note , i do n't think i 've seen a water fountain work that well in my life . 	we obviously did n't have white - only water fountains at my school . 
cats are the best ! : p  	i 'm actually more of a dog person but i like cats as well . 
mot 's represent ! 	i too am jew . 
for easter we should just post the teams that have played alabama and have a winning record . 	hmm , i can think of a team that has a winning record against bama . 
i had the same question , thanks for clarifying . as a jew , this is awesome . 	mot 's represent ! 
this is so true i want to kill myself . 	do n't listen to him . cigars are just like life , only good if you 're rich . 
that 's not the sound i 've ever heard anymore make while gagging . how do you know he 's not trying the cough the smoke out of his mouth ? 	that would reinforce the fact he inhaled if he was coughing it out . 
how do you know he 's gagging ? all i see is smoke coming out of his mouth , which is where smoke goes when you smoke a cigar . there 's nothing implying that he inhaled it . 	his hand over his mouth in the next frame and in the way it is placed makes it even more obvious . 
not sure either and coffee and cream are the two primary flavors with spice and leather coming just after and complex flavors varying . 	why would i ever want to taste leather ? 
fun fact : the vocals in have a cigar are sang by neither gilmore nor waters but singer roy harper . 	that would explain why i could never figure out which one was singing . 
i 'm pretty happy . i 'm in front of a computer most days for most of the time . 	freak of nature ! 
his hand over his mouth in the next frame and in the way it is placed makes it even more obvious . 	no it does n't . looks like he just spit the smoke out of his mouth . 
where did it say he inhaled it ? 	the smoke trail coming from his throat . 
i have no idea why but i 'm currently listening to this song as i came across this comment . just one of those weird things i felt like i needed to share . 	that 's pretty awesome man ! 
he 's gagging . that would mean he inhaled . 	how do you know he 's gagging ? all i see is smoke coming out of his mouth , which is where smoke goes when you smoke a cigar . there 's nothing implying that he inhaled it . 
at the computer desk where all civilized modern men masturbate . 	i 've moved on to the tablet in bed . 
i 've moved on to the tablet in bed . 	i imagine i 'd have a hard time switching between videos on a tablet with dick in hand . 
it 's funny how there are depressing country songs about drinking a ton and there are happy songs about drinking a ton . i think nashville needs an alcoholism intervention . 	we 're a drinking town with a music problem 
why is it so popular on reddit to be miserable ? 	because happy people are n't sitting in front of the computer all day . 
everybody else is just greed . have you seen the charts ? it 's a hell of a start , they could be made into a monster if we all pull together as a team ! 	and did we tell you the name of the game , boy ? 
philosophy is a very big and diverse discipline . it 's hard to recommend a place to start without knowing what you 're interests are . what kinds of questions are you interested in ? 	ca n't think of any questions overly possess me . i 'm quite open 
who 's butt can i grab and not go to jail 	you can only use your eye - hands which are more figurative than anything else . real grabbing leads to real problems 
it 's okay it will teach me patience 	patience is overrated . the butt watching game is all about getting out there and grabbing the bull by the butt with your eye - hands 
my surname is an everyday english word , and people think they are original when they use it in a sentence to describe me .  literally heard it thousands of times 	mine too . 
just asking , but how long does it take you to get one of those systems ?   	i had them lying around , so i just got them by playing . i 'm not sure how long it will take now that drop rates were nerfed . 
you 're absolutely right . i sold two systems for around 150 the other day , then used it to buy full nova prime . 	just asking , but how long does it take you to get one of those systems ?   
2015 is an odd number . i 'm so excited for this season because even if we crash and burn , i can just say that we are following the pattern . 	this makes my fan side sad , but my ocd side happy 
im not sure theyre an underdog anymore , but id love to see seattle win it this year . not really sure why , im just rooting for them . they were bad for so long so i think it fits the bill 	14 years since the last time they won the division and made it to the postseason , never been to a world series , projections do n't have them as an underdog but history does . 
i would n't even know who to root for . i 'd be so sad and happy at the same time . i might develop multi - personalities . 	indians , because having a team with a 100 - year old drought is one of the great stories in baseball . 
i get the complaint at the top end but wr , pass rushers , dt there are a plenty . 	pass rusher class is pretty overhyped imo . dt nothing special . wr is good . 
pass rusher class is pretty overhyped imo . dt nothing special . wr is good . 	i think it is largely raw with tons of potential . in 5 years it could be a great edge class or a completely mediocre one . i agree about dt though . 
he 's nowhere near as disruptive as either one of those guys , especially as a pass rusher . 	pass rush wise , i agree . 
it was n't that he was n't playing it 's that he was n't putting in effort in every play 	oh okay fair enough . 
text her ! 	i would but she has a boyfriend right now . plus there 's the whole issue of where i got her number . for all i know she does n't even remember signing my book . 
oh , man . did anyone turn up ? i hope so and you had a super time ! 	yup . as with most meetups some so drop out last minute mainly due to shitty weather , but i think i had to deal with at least 30 of them today ! i 'm exhausted ! 
i think the good , bad and ugly is after this story arc . deadpool , wolverine and captain america team up . i could be mistaken tho . 	the good the bad and the ugly is book three i saw it at chapters . 
his team would think it 's one thing , he 'd suggest maybe it 's another . then they 'd find out it was actually this other thing , because of the soda we saw him drink earlier . 	yeah , we 'll know he 's right when he suddenly stops talking and stares at the can for a moment before running out of the room and cutting to a commercial . 
she says she 's in vegas . which has a childrens hospital . 	so she needs to take him there . either this is a scam or she 's not very bright . looks like the kid is having an emergency 
she seems to be under the impression that because he is awake he is not having a seizure , when in reality many types of seizures happen when the sufferer is still conscious . 	why would you fucking assume anything if you 're asking random strangers on facebook for help ?  try going to a fucking doctor 
it 's a well established psychological observation that we project onto others our own motivations . 	if someone walks up to me on the street and offers me health insurance , i do n't project upon them my own motivation to sell health insurance . sometimes a spade is a spade . 
a good catch by the second hospital !  i 'm now going to spend the next few months remembering to ask a travel history ! 	are tests expensive ? why do n't they run each person through a list of tests ? 
is she taking this video while driving ? 	i hope not , she does n't look at the road once . i 'd like to think she is just in the hospital parking lot or something , but her seatbelt is on . 
i 'll be that person - is this fake ?  you can all send me death threats now . 	i would n't see how a kid could fake that . it seems very genuine . 
he needs to go to a research facility or university hospital . try mayo clinic if you have one locally or your closest university system . this is where you fill find the best minds . 	why ? her local doctors can send her to someone for a second opinion . mayo is just going to cost money she do n't have 
happy cakeday , doctor person ! 	thank you ! first year of reddit , it 's been fun ! 
i get them even when i 'm awake and just calmly watching tv . 	happens to me too . though usually i can tell when it hits that i was starting to fall asleep in front of the tv . 
wow , two medics on reddit reaching consensus without any articles being cited . is this a first ? 	are you serious ? what kind of article would a doctor site ? a general study about seizures ? your comment is silly . 
yeah , we 'll know he 's right when he suddenly stops talking and stares at the can for a moment before running out of the room and cutting to a commercial . 	oo i never knew there were commercials after that blank stare into the distance cuz i just binge watched the shit out of it on netflix . 
come on doc , it 's a joke !  jokes are a relatively common conversational event that any medical professional is too busy to recognize . 	can confirm , my dad is a doctor and his humor is not funny .  makes me happy his patients do n't have to deal with his of comments and odd mannerisms . 
he needs to go to a research facility or university hospital . try mayo clinic if you have one locally or your closest university system . this is where you fill find the best minds . 	i prefer miracle whip . 
sorry probably a bad time to say this but god damn the mom was hot as fuck ! 	yeah , gotta look pretty when you 're pandering to the masses . 
if only dr . gregory house , m . d . was real and omnipresent . 	his team would think it 's one thing , he 'd suggest maybe it 's another . then they 'd find out it was actually this other thing , because of the soda we saw him drink earlier . 
if only dr . gregory house , m . d . was real and omnipresent . 	if house was real , he would be barred form practicing in any hospital , buried under lawsuits , and probably would have his license revoked . 
does op have direct contact with the mother of the child ? 	i 'm going to guess the father is out of the picture . 
i believe she said las vegas and the medical care here is supremely mediocre . i 'm not sure what her situation is with insurance and what not so i ca n't comment on who she saw . 	and i 'm pretty sure sunrise is the only children 's hospital here , so shes already pretty much exhausted her options . 
the one thing i do know is it 's not lupus 	i see what you did there , house  
identifying problems is easy . fixing the problems you identify tends to be the tricky part . 	many times identifying the problems can be hard . symptoms ? sure . knowing how those symptoms fit together can be the ultimate bitch . 
does op have direct contact with the mother of the child ? 	check out the email she said in the vid . 
i 'm aware of the dog food , but i did n't get the jokes connection . seems like it 's an inside joke for 1 . 	the idea is that black people make up names faster than pharmaceutical companies . 
she seems to be under the impression that because he is awake he is not having a seizure , when in reality many types of seizures happen when the sufferer is still conscious . 	i have had several seizures related to a car wreck . every time they come on i 'm well aware of everything that 's happening . it gets pretty scary . 
i know you guys are n't doctors because your typing is legible . 	i used to work with a doctor who had to be called on every order he wrote because the nurse could not read it . i always thought he wasted so much time getting calls why not just write normally . 
incoming fake doctors giving fake advice . 	i 'm a doctor .  i would recommend she sends a cheque to my house so i can look into it for her . 
just give me an address so i can blindly send you money ! pshh , messiah ! whatever . 	do n't she 'll fund her bae 's rap career with it ! 
i 'm not a doctor , but i 've seen plenty post on reddit . most all of them who were actually doctors all agreed that doctors do n't make diagnoses without first seeing the patient in person . 	you ca n't diagnose from a distance . 
she had malaria . no one at the first hospital thought to ask if she traveled recently and we did n't think of it because she had been back for months . 	a good catch by the second hospital !  i 'm now going to spend the next few months remembering to ask a travel history ! 
i think the nurse is more like the restaurant manager - watching everything to make sure it all runs smoothly and no mistakes are made . nurses watch the doctors and the patients with eagle eyes . 	thank you for appreciating what we do . that is such a better description than just calling me a waiter . 
sorry probably a bad time to say this but god damn the mom was hot as fuck ! 	i agree , too bad about the whole kid thing . 
sorry your lithium is not doing its job . 	smug remarks because you are too dense and look down on psych ? seems on par with the internet crowd . 
are you serious ? what kind of article would a doctor site ? a general study about seizures ? your comment is silly . 	i know , right ? what idiot would say such a thing ? 
does op have direct contact with the mother of the child ? 	i do i actually know her and met her son . i 'm telling her about this now . 
you 're right . have your mother give me a jingle . 	thats the kind of person i thought you were . thanks for confirming . 
human bodies are fucking phenomenal . 	i am always amazed at the complexity of the human body . it is so rugged that it can operate with many things wrong with it . but if that complex system has an error , everything falls apart . 
have nothing to offer your son , but mother , you are a truly amazing mother for reaching out this way on behalf of your son - just do n't do it while you drive . 	baby girl , using your phone while driving is actually safer than not using it . it increases your vision in your peripheral eyes 
thats the kind of person i thought you were . thanks for confirming . 	what was the proper response to your barbaric statement ? 
i have two :  vegemite because it was yucky .  a whole box of little debbie 's because i just felt awful after . 	try vegemite on little debbie stuff . report back . 
where are you pulling the music from ?   	youtube - click the icon in the lower left corner to see the video 
yeah but some of these characters no one knows the game they are from so it would be hard to find , so its not exactly advertising . 	the reason fe got localized is because of smash . of course people are going to find out where these characters are from . the reason i played earthbound is because of ness from smash . 
why would n't every video game company want their character in ? it 's literally millions of free advertising 	yeah but some of these characters no one knows the game they are from so it would be hard to find , so its not exactly advertising . 
check your apn ? mine have been fine on t - mobile . 	the apn is fine . i should probably mention that i 'm on straight talk . my roommate has the same phone , carrier , os and his data speeds are terrible too . 
the apn is fine . i should probably mention that i 'm on straight talk . my roommate has the same phone , carrier , os and his data speeds are terrible too . 	so maybe its a location issue ? try to do speed tests at different locations across your city to see if they get any better . also could be an issue with your radio modem ? 
for us this is a sure sign of a wonder week . 	after night 2 of this , i believe we are at wonder week 5 a few days early . good call ! 
ok so if i wanted to let 1 person play my games , and be able to play a different persons games , that would work ? 	yes . any number of people can share their games to your xbox , but you can only share your games to one xbox . 
did you watch the games ? 	no i do n't watch lcs , it 's boring as fuck . they play the same champs since season 3 .   
thank you !  this one is slightly better !  i just finished watching it ! sooooo beautiful ! 	right ? awesome movie . 
i 'll let hill make a 53 man roster before i start comparing him to the 5 best wr 's in football . 	yeah , he 's on practice squad for a reason . 
this joke would 've been infinitely more relevant during the 1st gen days .  still , love the joke . 	dude they do this all the time to me now . i hate them so much . always hit me when about to do a big attack . 
that high quality gif though . 	60 fps gifs surprise the shit out of me every time i see them . 
i 'll give you a hint : last year he spent more money on spilt liquor then you made . 	is he a rolex wearing , diamond ring wearing son of a gun ? 
i presume hot coffee . it was unlocked by a mod and they took no end of shit for it . 	as a programmer i think it is really dumb , if they shipped with the code inaccessible and you had to patch the game to access it , why should it be part of the game rating .   
they probably do n't want people reverse engineering the engine and creating gta knockoffs with their intellectual property . 	that 's not going to stop them . 
i have a hard time believing they do n't have some sort of anti - cheating system in place for an online game that has microtransactions involved . 	it 's just as bad on the consoles . people creating bugged jobs that reward billions of dollars . no anti - cheat there at all . 
people are going to rob banks anyway . why bother having a vault ? 	cmon man that 's an awful comparison and you know it . 
for skyrim at least , enb also provides a bunch of graphics memory fixes and optimizations . 	really ? so should i use enb even if i do n't want to change how the game looks ? 
i think you 're going to have to wait a few years for that to come out .  it took a long time for it to come out on sa . 	i think you might see it sooner because gta v already has the infrastructure for online play . 
i hope rockstars anti - cheat system bans their key from social club altogether . too bad gtav does n't run vac . 	is vac really all that good though ? correct me if i 'm wrong but last i heard cs : go was plagued with cheaters . 
people are going to rob banks anyway . why bother having a vault ? 	because bank robberies hurt people . modding singleplayer games does n't . 
people are going to rob banks anyway . why bother having a vault ? 	in this case the vault contains nothing of value and is completely ineffective , where as real life vaults contain lots of money and are incredibly effective 
if rs were to allow us to download gta v and online as separate games so we can mod the single and leave online by itself , it 'd be fine . 	so what ? online would get modded either way , it would just be easier to mod sp .  also have fun using 120gb instead of 60gb because online uses literally all the assets singleplayer does too . 
skyrim , fallout , dying light , half life 2 , a pile of others 	so a minority of aaa games . meaning that not being modder friendly is the norm for aaa games , not the exception . 
iirc the max fov you can adjust without mods is 85 , i usually run 90 fov in most games and having the slider all the way up still feels pretty restricted to me in non modded gta v . 	i wanted to play the entire game in first person on my ultra wide , but was getting some motion sickness from it . i never get motion sickness in any twitch game so this may explain it . 
whatever you say boss . just do n't come back saying that gta did n't have as long of a lifespan that you expected 	k chief . 
breaking into encrypted files is needed to do things like texture modding or other mods , no one said anything about piracy , but enjoy your high horse anyway you sanctimonious fuck 	the whole thing is about piracy , you silly naive soul . i do n't care much for low horses , high ones are better for riding . 
why does mortal kombat depress me so much ? 	idk , was someone you loved killed by a ninja or a thunder god ? 
he 's supposed to be taking breeze 's phone , right ? if so , why are n't they going onto breeze 's account ? 	hideo texted them to himself in - ring , to post from his own phone later . 
i hope this and the owens - zayn feuds never end 	they really have become a great set of rivalries in the ring and maybe good buddies outside of it . 
it think it 's the japanese equivalent of calling fallout boy punk . 	funk rock in appearance only , otherwise it sounds like any japanese anime theme song 
what is this ? a free city for ants ? 	i imagine they do n't upload a high - res picture so you are more inclined to buy the book . 
i used to not like her cuz of her chronic resting bitch face , but actually if you watch a video of her she 's pretty likable and funny . 	her interview on hey queen was awful , she was like a bad laganja , annoying 
best excuse to skip class . i 'd bet weiss is just pretending to be sick because she 's too proud to admit that she just wants to stay in bed and cuddle with blake . 	i 'm putting my hands up and saying that i totally agree with weiss , and that is the best idea ever . 
bad mod ? faulty asset ? anything you have added recently not working as expected ? 	i turned off every asset and mod but the game is stuck on pause when it says it 's playing .  edit : i also ca n't bulldoze or interact with anything anymore . 
anybody think she paid for those chairs she broke ? 	yeah , furniture that is not from ikea is really expensive . i 'd be so pissed if someone broke my chair and then did n't apologize . 
shit , i would cry if i was fat 	i would eat less , and become human again ! 
i just sent a request to reset my badge . this made me tear up . i 'm in a bad way right now , but thank you . 	keep trying . the worst part about when you feel low is that your mind tricks you into thinking that feeling will last forever .  it wo n't . things will look up . keep trying . 
this is my current shave soap too , except i see he has went with a new style of packaging .  it is a great soap , and would also recommend 	no , just a dollar store jar i put it in . but it is s fantastic soap . 
no , just a dollar store jar i put it in . but it is s fantastic soap . 	ohhhh i thought that was paper at a quick glance . lol 
an upscale strip club would make for a nice welcoming . 	little do we know they actually communicate via dancing and that we are apparently very good at their curse words . 
ok after reading all 37 comments , i think i am ready to switch to ubuntu 	why do n't you just dual boot ? 
if you put people of equal skill in an atlas and a direwolf , which mech do you think is going to come out on top the vast majority of the time ? 	the one with most of its limbs and and the pilot who knows how to aim ? 
lol , say you 're pretty cool ! you should pm me sometime . do you have a twitter handle ? 	you are very easy to talk to , feel free send me a pm before i forget to . i should probably get some sleep . peace friend 
you are very easy to talk to , feel free send me a pm before i forget to . i should probably get some sleep . peace friend 	you got it ! have a great night , fuzz buddy ! : 3 
with future tes or fo games they could . 	i imagine by then either the skyrim modding community will have completely been ruined , or they will back track insane amount in the coming weeks 
lol the lurkers are real . us employees though are doing some real foot work for information though . 	true . thank you and all the others who help contribute from all the stores 
that 's called meat , and you ca n't rent it . you just gotta kinda buy that shit 	yeah , you totally rent it . it comes out your butt when the rental period is over . 
as opposed to renting out dead goats ? 	that 's called meat , and you ca n't rent it . you just gotta kinda buy that shit 
sample is a box safety . there are others that fit better with us . 	i 'm aware , at that pick he was the best player available at a position of need . he has the size and toughness to match up with tes . 
yup they 're linked in the post 	really like the way you did the wiring on the test bench ! 
i have been , that 's what i mean by staying in the zone . i have n't changed my eating habits and i 've still stayed in the zone after recording it . 	sorry , i thought that by saying you did n't change your habits you were n't tracking . i believe it takes a while to calibrate , but in my case it 's fairly accurate . 
sounds like the bank was doing an extra security check since the same card was being added to apple pay a second time . 	so you think it 's that rather than an issue with the 5s not having apple pay ? i 've been curious about this myself , being a 5s owner . 
yeah , i 'm a total scrub at making gold . 	farm reps , got 14k in 4 hours . 
thanks . i fucked up any trust of my current group of friends so i 'm gonna try and fix that when i go to college and get a new group of friends . 	or , with this group of friends , you can start keeping your word and earn their trust back . it is possible . just a little difficult . 
ok . is giving proper advice part of this because i ca n't give advice to save a life . 	then be there for your friend and just listen . you friends will appreciate you . 
or being consistently inconsistent . the key is consistency . 	being inconsistent is n't consistent . 
but who gets your karma ? you ca n't just let that go to waste . 	my uncle is into the same weird shit as me . he gets to post my death and collect the karma . 
they download it , 3d print it , and it goes in his coffin with him . 	hope he doesnt get buried by downvotes . 
what if you just die of natural causes ? that would be disappointing . 	tifu : by having a boring death not worthy of tifu 
as a moderator , it 's not that bad . i can usually come within ten minutes . 	you have a md in that ? no wonder you are a mod for that kind of sub . 
jesus fucking christ does sound like an interesting fetish . glad you were satisfied ! 	just wait till he discovers the old testament god fetish . shit gets bonkers . 
the merits of necrophilia as a victimless crime . having sex with what are essentially inanimate objects is somehow seen as worse than having sex with people or animals that are n't up for it . 	certainly not as bad in terms of impact to other people , but it could be argued that there is a victim , like disrespecting the dead i suppose . and that 's a whole separate argument . 
i give this post two thumbs up . 	that was a mind blowing post . 
what if we 're all dead and spending our last hour in purgatory together ? 	its been a long ass hour then .  and that 'd be comforting , since iirc purgatory only leads to paradise . 
leave him alone . he 's attending his funeral . 	a funeral within an hour of death ? 
in coffin surrounded with 3d printed upvotes like foam packaging . classy . 	i 'm actually imagining it more like upvote - shaped styrofoam peanuts to keep the contents of his coffin from shifting during transport 
i downloaded this , edited , trimmed and sized this from scratch today 	my apologies then . i guess it makes sense that we 'd cut out the same parts with the guys staring at her . 
your post does n't say you 've bought gems with money in the past few weeks , you are playing wrong 	heh , yeah . true . i do have the aviator box , but with gems i have since quite a while . does that count ? 
no . please tell me that 's not true . how long did you wear it for ? you poor thing ! 	i actually wore it for a couple months , until i realized how crazy it was that the church has gotten me to that point . 
basically everything but missionary and a few variations . no woman on top . it was an uncomfortable interview . 	wow . his poor wife . 
basically everything but missionary and a few variations . no woman on top . it was an uncomfortable interview . 	of course she ca n't be on top . men ca n't give up their power to us lowly women . and we sure ca n't have any of our own pleasure . 
i guess this professor of economics is comfortable with 12 - year - olds working in factories all day . 	well he is a professor at a university primarily known for being completely austrian . that might color is view a bit as well . 
you do know there is a market for corporate control ? if a firm dips into profits to be a good global citizen , their stock will be undervalued and they 'll be targeted for takeover . 	that 's what happened to google and starbucks . oh wait , the marginal cost of being a good corporate citizen does n't necessarily invite the doom of a company . 
what about this rule : i ca n't import items into my country that were made under working conditions that would be illegal in my country . 	so you want to destroy global trade and thrust the world into an unprecedented depression ? 
i 'm not crazy to think hayden could pull off his magic where no one really wants to target him and then at the end he is universally well - liked and respected a la jt 1 . 0 	meh . im hoping he doesnt make the cut . such a boring player and a lifeless character 
tie to mormonism is too tenuous . perhaps , post in a geography - related subreddit . 	i did but i know the majority here is in utah so i gave it a shot , plus there was a person yesterday who was in ut that her husband was passed up for a job so i wanted to just put it out there . 
is your friend 10 year old ? or do he have such great sense of humour ? 	he 's 22 and one of the nicest , friendliest guys i know with a great since of humor .  so basically total friendzone material . 
only thing , they said it 's affecting ib , but i 'm fairly certain i 've had it happen in regular crucible 	it 's pretty common in both . 
no , you only get downvoted when you say you do n't count calories . so , you 're safe . 	i dont count calories . i only count the amount of times imma fuck you up son . 
the first bug may not even be a bug , but a purposely intended capture state and can be fixed by dealing enough damage to the doors to close them . 	you ca n't hurt the doors . 
they do eventually close and let you go though . 	nah , it was a glitch , only happened once and it was closed to begin with . we let like 40 mobs spawn to kill me , lol . 
you ca n't hurt the doors . 	they do eventually close and let you go though . 
he was n't terribly entertaining . yeah , he might have been screwed over by the twist , but i reckon that he was n't winning anyway . he was just going to be a todd puppet . 	it 's possible he would have been someone that saw todd was pulling the strings and actually acted on it when jr was trying to get something going . ya never know . 
if you think eds persona is the least manufactured then the huge piles of money labour are paying those us consultants has been money well spent . 	indeed . the guy has all the sincerity of a management consultant 
just do n't play narrow cards . flexibility is king . 	true true . is there a consolidated list of the best generally good sb cards ? i mean across all colors ? 
what if this woman does not have the intelligence to pursue a career , and is not strong and independent ? 	why would n't she have the intelligence to pursue a career ?  it would n't be ideal for me , but i 'm willing to work in a relationship like that . 
what is it about shy , soft - spoken women that annoys you ? 	i mean it depends on the girl and the situation . but i like more determined and independent confident women . 
i 've never dated or had sex and i 'm scared to have sex after only 3 dates . 	why should you be scared . sex is fun , especially as a women , there is basically zero chance of disappointing the dude while there is a strong chance in the inverse 
find them annoying . speak up and stop being so timid . 	what is it about shy , soft - spoken women that annoys you ? 
glad you got it figured out . yea , although buggy i do love what that mod can do ! 	yeah it 's definitely worth it . so many possibilities 
it is bizarre . why are there are so many police officers in iraq and afghanistan , and why are they killing americans ?  is this the sort of society that we invaded them to create ? 	maybe because there 's more criminals than there are soldiers . 
it is bizarre . why are there are so many police officers in iraq and afghanistan , and why are they killing americans ?  is this the sort of society that we invaded them to create ? 	maybe that 's why they are shooting people here . they all have ptsd 
mine is next week .  any decent websites i can use to get some practice in ? 	the moto test app or similar is the way to go . 
i do n't see many on that list that ca n't be stolen and kept , though . 	well yeah , that 's kinda the point . these are all the cars you need to go find in the world if you want them , because its not possible to just buy them online . 
yep . they test in the worst conditions they can think of , and spinning like that is pretty much as bad as it gets . 	well that 's fine and now they can see what results and hopefully move to make it less violent . 
if it was anticipated and nasa signed off on it , either nasa is stupid , or it is not a concern . 	nasa had not seen this prior to the pad abort is my take on the matter . 
its supposed to save your life , not be pleasant . 	as long as astronauts do n't drown in their own vomit , its all fine . 
forces would be fine if strapped into seat . you might walk away covered in vomit , but at least you are walking away . 	the problem would be broken arms and legs if they were not strapped in . the other would be a broken neck if not strapped in . 
i think the difference is that orion 's tower is n't a dual - purpose system . it is only used for pad and launch abort systems . the dragon system is also being used for reentry . 	for those that do n't know , orion 's tower is also discarded every launch whereas the spacex method is totally reusable . 
i think what he means is : the bug only affects bad players that smash the attack button , which does n't make it a priority as long as you git gud . 	or it affects new players , or players whose weapons do n't particularly do a lot of damage , etc .  it 's a terrible bug that , no matter who you are as a player , needed fixing regardless . 
exactly . and it may lead to a dead boss pretty quickly , but the odds of it are pretty bad . 	it can also lead to dead players , as my party found out a few weeks ago 
a paladin with a 3 - level dip into champion is a dangerous man . 	divine crits all day , son ! all day ! 
i miss these games , tried playing through them again but the game is too slow . too much dialogue . 	yeah after playing the later ones , going back to the earlier ones is a little hard . i do n't think i ever finished the gamecube one . might have to set up a replay weekend for these games . 
a decade of waiting is what i call development hell because that is definitely what it feels like . 	no it is n't . in order to be in dev hell , the game has to actually have been started being made . the game was n't in development for 10 years . 
sentient , he was actually the mind of his dead brother that his dad programmed into megaman 's ai 	so is mega man hub , or is he a program who thinks hes hub ? 
sentient , he was actually the mind of his dead brother that his dad programmed into megaman 's ai 	is that a spoiler from the games , or was it cartoon only ? 
you people cry over everything . 	and you are apparently a soulless shell of a man . 
why not keep their original names ? it sounds better to me 	would all the voice actors be able pronounce all the japanese names ? also for kids so something relate - able is probably what the american networks had in mind . 
i keep trying to play this series but the mechanics always seem strange to me . its grid based but not turn based with card system ? 	just give it a shot , you wo n't regret it !  no refunds . 
is this the real life ? 	is this just fantasy ? 
big deflection . hope he 's back in form against real . 	i think the consensus is that you ca n't give him space or else you 'll be prone to shots like that . 
i think the consensus is that you ca n't give him space or else you 'll be prone to shots like that . 	yeah , but it is still a bit unlucky . there are plenty of other ways that could have panned out . 
ah it 's been a while since united fans have been karma grabbing over the fact that pogba used to play for them . good to have you back paul 	it 'll never stop 
or they could just get a dvr like a normal person . 	i ca n't watch sporting events if they are n't live . it just is n't the same . 
then you 're welcome to stop by my house after church and watch the game ! 	awesome ! i 'm a couple states away though so i might be late . 
awesome ! i 'm a couple states away though so i might be late . 	that 's fine , it 's not like i have to plan my entire day around when the game will be on ! 
people like this are what give christians a bad reputation . 	i have no idea what you are talking about . 
it does if you do n't make very much money . 	then you 're welcome to stop by my house after church and watch the game ! 
probably because he stole everyone 's chance at the basket ! 	the schadenfreude is strong in the disc golf community . 
see , the problem is it would have to be able to self - sustain .  could you pay real money to enter ?  throwing around 500 or even 1000 gold is a lot for even the most veteran players . 	i guess if you would only do gold rewards it would be like playing a poker tournament with hs . that would make it self sustain for those who are good enough to average 3 wins . 
thanks ! i want to keep all the gestures easy to perform with one hand , but ya there may be others that are less confusing . sometimes i accidentally tap the wrong amount of times . 	i understand . for example a swipe left or right can be done with one finger and would be a good way to flip the camera back and forth . 
pitch location is different because of the angle of the cf camera . if you look the catcher , you can see the difference . 	no , i get that . but you can put the angle to your advantage by matching the pitchers . you 'll get a clear look at both batters right next to each other . - instead of on top of each other 
is this unfunny crap still a thing ? 	all your base are belong to us it 's a trap epic fail yolo swag 420 i ca n't see it because of camouflage banana for scale rickroll  
it pretty much is how most of italy looks , unless you 're in a big city 	or the mountains . or the lakes . or the countryside . or inside buildings .  come on , op 
seems like a magical land . the stories all of them could tell . 	it is . it is also basically a third world country . 
get a room , you two 	that 's our plan in case you missed it 
you leave out beds for the cats ? that 's awesome ! 	not out , inside our basement so they can get some shelter when it 's cold etc . 
it pretty much is how most of italy looks , unless you 're in a big city 	honestly , i 've seen parts of florence and rome that are pretty much what you see here . 
that 's how i want to retire , living in italy , fixing old cars and having a wood fired oven in the back yard for making pizza . 	you could also cook food over your fiat when it catches on fire . 
it pretty much is how most of italy looks , unless you 're in a big city 	is there no countryside in italy then ? 
it pretty much is how most of italy looks , unless you 're in a big city 	man , i really want to go there 
pre - position canned or bottled beverages in key locations .  always carry two lighters .   	no man , wear cargo pants and fill the cargo pockets with lighters . 
put pre ground bud in a tic tac container and just tap it so it falls in to a bowl . 	just do n't grind more than you will use in a few sessions or it could dry up on you and burn too fast .   
eye drops before you toke if you need to avoid red eyes . 	i should do this . i always put them in afterwards and end up pouring them all over my face . 
he 's literally purple freddy with ears , they needed something more to differentiate him from freddy , hence no eyebrows . 	the shape of his head is a little different from freddy 's ; a little narrower with slim cheeks . 
what the heck , i 'll put it on here . i 'll have at least one follower haha . i 'll have a post up soon that explains the basics . 	alright , i 'll keep my eyes peeled for it . how often will you be posting for this ? 
other people 's lives 	typical cat person . 
blue flower , red thorns . blue flower , red thorns . 	it 'd be so much easier if i was n't color blind ! 
look out , we 've got a smart guy here 	smart - ass alert 
over 1 . 5k upvotes and only 20 comments on one of the most reposted pictures ever ?  what the actual fuck man . 	it must just be timing man , i 've been on reddit for 4 years basically every day and this is my first time seeing it . just needs a repost tag i suppose . 
you got some blown highlights and black shadows , photoshop might not be a bad idea . 	i 'd rather get it when the light was better , i had to shoot it at that particular time because i was shooting the people who planted it and that 's when they were available . 
i 'll be honest i 'm looking for any excuse to take my mind off this assignment i 'm writing . 	haha good man . what 's the assignment ? 
that does not answer my question . i have not experienced that or heard any person for whom i have a personal relationship with say it , so again , why should i believe you ?   	i 've never seen , in person , an adidas sweatshop . does that mean they do not exist ? 
that 's a damn shame . i expect at this point to plead guilty in exchange for no points and just pay the fine , but is it for certain that i 'd even get that option ? 	its not certain but the municipality stands to profit more from the fee of the unsafe driving violation then they do from a two point ticket . so in a nut shell they want your money . 
if you can keep the ball in the air the clock does n't stop until it hits the ground , i 've scored just by getting it in the air with one second left and then hitting it in the goal 	yep , but in almost all those instances , the ball touched the ground while on the net mark , just note completely in , and i was too far to actually bump it back up . 
there are no women on reddit .  that 's just a myth . 	there are no men either . we 're all bots 
i want hairy pms from women now . 	stay away from my wife ! 
stopped shaving for three weeks in prep for my first wax ever ! i could n't stand the itch , it was bothering me all day . i do n't know how people do it , i had to stop that right away . 	right ? i just do n't have time to shave daily anymore haha . so now i 'm down to about once a week . 
no wrestling fan should be happy about a promotion dying . 	i 'll snoopy dance like a motherfucker the day wwe goes out of business . 
i thought you were going to turn your comment around and say that you were taking about wwe last year . 	no stories of wwe failing to pay its talent , thankfully . the paychecks may not be as high as they used to be , but they 're arriving on time . 
easy . have him get kidnapped and stay away for a few weeks and then come back like nothing happened . 	still beats being lead into a life of excess and committing suicide via od does n't it ? 
no wrestling fan should be happy about a promotion dying . 	i could see people being happy about austin aries and kurt angle being free agents . samoa joe and aj styles have been great since they left . 
i 'm not mad at them i 'm just really dissapointed . 	it 's hard to be disappointed after all these years . watching them make mistake after mistake for so long kind of grates on your soul . 
patriot bikes is on madison and san juan . another inexpensive place is performance bikes on sunrise and madison . 	there are multiple performance bike stores in town though . one on howe near fair oaks as well . 
why did n't they ask the chinese if they feel concerned abut american cyber espionage or human rights issues ? 	china is a developing country , do you know ? 
a dick up your ass is probably less messy than just dating a chick anyway ! 	give it about 5 years and vr will have advanced enough to provide a better experience than real sex . 
there needs to be a term for this .  like when you take a dump , wipe and the toilet paper is still clean because you pinched off amazingly , it 's called flawless victory . 	the old clean as the virgin snow ?  the red river runs dry ?  aunt flow missed her stop ?  the rag was clean ?  the blood - less ski accident ? 
you 're a braver woman than i to have white sheets ! 	i have some pink and white ones .  but i also do n't have a uterus , so it does n't matter 
my point is that just because it 's natural and normal does n't make it any less gross . i take a shit every day , and they 're all foul . 	lol , menstrual blood is a lot less gross than poop . 
im on the pill so mine comes like clockwork on tuesday morning ! my sheets have been safe for years 	no pill for me but it 's a great feeling is n't it ! 
my body is my friend for this , it 'll wait until i 'm awake , and most often going to the toilet . no real surprises or ruining clothes or bed linen . 	im on the pill so mine comes like clockwork on tuesday morning ! my sheets have been safe for years 
no just fucking with you .  bt might though . 	ah fuck it . tell them if you want . i do n't really give a flying fuck . saves them having to troll through anyway 
i 'd rather stay out of combat . i think i might head to the bar , anyone want to join me ? 	im already drinking at home , but thanks . 
i do n't have a problem with her hooking up with someone . i respect her decisions . no matter how much it might hurt me . 	never said you did . all i 'm saying is that if it happens , now you have a backup plan ! i 'd hate to see you overheat . 
i might as well actually stay here . we can cover a lot more defensive ground 	good idea . but do n't worry about me , just kill the eclipse ! 
you just want your own shower sam . 	that 's as good a reason as any !  by the way , i noticed you 're out of soap . might want to fix that . 
im already drinking at home , but thanks . 	heh , alright . try not to drink to much though , ok ? 
how did you control your temper ? i would have lost my shit and done something stupid . 	comes with the territory of where i work . if i got mad at everything , i 'd be in a mental hospital . i guess i was more shocked . 
like . omg .  people can be really crazy sometimes . i read this two times and all i could think was that you are amazing and handled this like a boss . 	i was a mess when they left . 
i am surprised by how stupid his plan was . in reality , it would have come out at some point . jill does n't keep her mouth shut . 	haha , yeah it was very stupid . i 'm glad his plan did n't work out for him . that 's true . you ca n't just hide a kid like that unless maybe you live across the country . 
get a gun , go to the range so you know how to use it . 	i own a gun .  i have shot it before .  but i can always up my skills . 
another childfree black woman !  is it sad that that made me happy . i feel kind of alone . the only friends i have that do n't have kids , really want them . 	totally understandable . my black friends seem to have a lot more pressure regarding kids than my white friends , honestly . 
no offense but your name does make you look a little bit biased . i tend to agree though , assuming op is the kind of person who is willing to take that step , weapons are n't for everyone . 	even pepper spray is a good investment at this point . this guy is ramping up his crazy . 
no offense but your name does make you look a little bit biased . i tend to agree though , assuming op is the kind of person who is willing to take that step , weapons are n't for everyone . 	i suppose serving in the military and knowing how a weapon can save your life does make me a bit biased . 
wow . i would n't be surprised if he tried showing up to your workplace . be on the look out . i can just imagine how stressful this all must be for you . i hope this all ends soon . 	luckily we have a locking door that needs a key to get into . so he ca n't come into the office where i am . but i will be asking someone to walk me out to the car . 
maybe it is my english but did n't you just suggest russia to take europe under control ? 	it 's not you . the english is very badly worded and the sentence is almost entirely lacking in grammar , not to mention common sense . 
i am going out for a burger and beer with my buddies for the first time in a while . i have n't been this excited . i have become a lame , old man . 	i hear you - did the same last night . three pints and i was a little tipsy - that 's a good thing . 
cool ! i 'm presenting a paper on the 2nd , should be an interesting time . 	looks like there should be a reddit hang out at the cha given the turn out in this thread : p 
nope . do n't own a system with it nor do i want to play it as it looks really bad . i do like the cartoon version . 	it 's the most horribly broken game since sonic 06 . total disaster . 
in installing windows ten . wish me luck 	may gates , in his goodness , smile upon thee . 
the game i most frequently play is civ 2 - 2017 is our 20th anniversary . 	did you download that forever war save file that was popular on reddit a few years ago ? 
mortgage renewal time . 3 years and this bitch is finally mine . 	i just recently got 5 - year fixed at 2 . 59 : d 
so i bought a motorcycle recently . my wife is not well pleased but man i forgot how much i missed riding until now . 	congrats ! what 's the bike ? how long had you been not - riding ?   
so , what 's everybody playing at the moment ?  i 'm still on bloodborne and mortal kombat x , pondering splatoon . anything new and exciting i should be looking at ? 	in on vacation , but i 'll try to squeeze in some witcher 3 while writing my dissertation over the summer . 
so , what 's everybody playing at the moment ?  i 'm still on bloodborne and mortal kombat x , pondering splatoon . anything new and exciting i should be looking at ? 	world of tanks is the only thing i seem to be able to fit at all into my current time lines . 15 minute max battles works well in my schedule . 
game is so biased towards assassin heroes . most tanks and support are garbage and there 's 3 viable specialists but they are super op . 	yup . still does not prevent me from being an annoying butterfly floating around people . although i think she is actually a good hero . 
not to an overwhelming majority of people . 	i do n't know if you 're aware , but socialists are a very small minority in most countries . 
i 'm confused , why are we saying capitalism is conservative ? 	because it is . we are talking american conservatism . 
i agree with what you 're saying but i think south korea , hong kong , singapore etc are better examples of free market leading to prosperity . 	the things that made those countries into what they are today was a heavy government hand in policy though . huge government infrastructure projects , etc . 
the soviet union won the space race without capitalism . 	fat lot of good that did them . 
they put a mechanical basketball in orbit . every single one of their intended manned moon launch test rockets blew up . 	well the point is that capitalism did n't win it really , both governments poured tons of resources into it . 
well the point is that capitalism did n't win it really , both governments poured tons of resources into it . 	there were plenty of private defense contractors who worked with nasa and actually built the majority of the us space infrastructure and spacecraft on the us side . 
the soviet union won the space race without capitalism . 	they put a mechanical basketball in orbit . every single one of their intended manned moon launch test rockets blew up . 
the x1 is having problems matchmaking . apparently they 're going to attempt to fix it by the end of next month . do n't get your hopes up though .  what country are you in ? 	australia , thanks for the reply looks like i will be sticking to 360 
does n't he install sensors in his body , while also giving the different parts of his suit ways to fly ? 	yeah , but it is n't a feature we see him add until the 3rd movie . 
because the kids are n't . they have no power whatsoever . 	you have to be 17 to drive . not exactly a kid anymore . 
not a weird concept , a stupid concept .  yea , more equal by having less rights . come on . 	stupid and weird are n't mutually exclusive . never the less , the president ca n't just walk the streets or drive a car . same idea . 
yep ! i misunderstood what was being asked . i 'll see if i can dig up a british list of protected classes .  edit : found the ones for britain , adding them to my original comment . 	cheers ! 
to be fair to the amish neither sex drives . 	they drive cattle . 
that will be farther out in the future than you think . still a bit of hurdles to pass . 	even if it takes a hundred years for driverless cars to become a reality and we are driving cars for two hundred years total , that 's still a blip in history . 
if you wo n't accept the culture in which you live , go away . 	that is the same excuse used by every anti - semitic person . 
if you wo n't accept the culture in which you live , go away . 	so the gays in america who did n't accept the culture of straight - only marriage should have just left ? and the blacks too , i guess ?   
women should n't be allowed to input the destination though 	they can but they have a limit of 4 times they can change their mind . 
if you wo n't accept the culture in which you live , go away . 	i feel the same way . but now people will call me racist . 
i do n't care if it 's islam , judaism , or christianity . if you find yourself using your religion to deny rights to women you 're a piece of shit . i do n't care what god you worship . 	where is this kind of backlash toward extremist muslims in the uk , which are in far greater number than the jews ? 
if you wo n't accept the culture in which you live , go away . 	i 'm a jew and i approved this message . 
i do n't care if it 's islam , judaism , or christianity . if you find yourself using your religion to deny rights to women you 're a piece of shit . i do n't care what god you worship . 	small point , all 3 of those religions worship just one god . the same god . 
if you find yourself using your religion to deny rights to anyone you 're a piece of shit .  ftfy 	yeah , i think it 's even worse when you deny people outside of your religion their rights based on your own beliefs 
they say the automobile , not the birth control pill , is the invention that drove the sexual revolution . 	there were a number of factors which lead to the sexual revolution , not just one invention . 
since we will soon have self driving cars , the idea that anyone drives a car will be a passing fad . 	that will be farther out in the future than you think . still a bit of hurdles to pass . 
sounds a lot like another religion that 's been gaining ground in europe 	how ? saudis are literally the only muslims on earth who support ban against women driving . and only part of saudis and that says a lot . 
i honestly do not understand how anyone thinks the first season is boring . it 's so intense from the start . 	it seems to be a common opinion but i 've never understood it either . the pilot is really fast paced for the story its telling . 
shameless for me . the dialogue is just so raw and gritty and that show can make you laugh in one moment and cry in the next . plus they always find away to take you by surprise 	the american version ? if so , i love that show . not many shows can be that funny and heartbreaking 
deadwood . it 's the shakespeare of television . 	i have hbo go , i have no excuse to not watch this and the sopranos , after i finish the shield lol . 
the first time i watched the show i find the first seasons kind of boring , now that i 'm rewatching with my sister i realize how incredible good the first season is . great writing . 	i honestly do not understand how anyone thinks the first season is boring . it 's so intense from the start . 
person of interest hands down . it is amazing how to connect there story line with real world events . 	i agree , but only for the later seasons . first season was pretty typical procedural imo . the latest season was amazing though 
in the future a lot will change . you 'll be able to drink beer legally too . pcs will become more fun .   	people like you are why people hate pc gamers . just stop , you are n't making pc gaming sound appealing by shitting on those who do n't use pc 
berserk , if and when the creator ever get to finish the series . worst case would be to come up with an ending myself . 	beat me to it . berserk is bar none one of the best pieces of fiction i 've ever read or watched in . my whole life 
this is a great fucking deal if this is true . go for it right now . 	confirming , this is an excellent deal . buy it . buy it now . 
nope , and we had a lot of mutual friends throughout the remainder of high school which made for a lot of awkward tension . 	i am sorry friend , that must be really hard 
i had no idea you could even get into those boats . does that mean you can bomb it into the ocean with a car attached and then get in the boat and drive off ? 	i do n't think you can attach any car . just the tow truck should work . 
a 7th grade book report does not a top - tier post make . 	i preferred reading his comment to yours .   
that game was terrific . 	you 're god damn right , i love that game . i still go back and play the campaign . 
they designed the game to be played with a controller , so it probably works way way better than you 're imagining . it 's one of my favorite games . 	out of curiosity since i 've never played a console rts , have you played any age of empires game on pc ? if so , would you say that halo wars felt better ?  edit : typo 
well there 's always that guy whose phone does not have internet connectivity capabilities so text messages would do good as a backup plan . 	there 's also people like me who do n't live in metropolitan areas and do n't have mobile phone signal for 5 miles 
now i 'm feeling even more confident that opera masks will become persona triggers . 	i hope so , that would be so rad . 
the eyes do n't match . sho 's are blue , potter - kun 's are red 	not the color but everything inside 'em 
would this mean door - kun is secretly an antagonist ? trippy 	that would be cool , but it could also be his shadow 
central . that makes three of us . i would certainly be willing to drive to get there . 	we could meet central , will need a ward or stake house , some candles , hot chocolate and nip of cognac against the wind . pm me , are you off i - 80 ? 
yes this . and make them sign something too . like if they the lie to you , other members or the press , all bets are off . 	they would refuse . remember this is a power play by the lds authorities . they will do nothing he asks of them . i would also sign and secretly record . this is the best possible move . 
yes it is legal . i asked the police and said as long as one person is aware you 're good . 	hate to break it to you , but that was a sting operation . 
to be fair to us sports ; they do n't have any sponsors on their shirts . 	basketball , hockey and american football do n't . mls and nascar definitely do 
well one major problem is it will increase the disparity between the top clubs and the rest since they will be able to pull off way more lucrative deals . 	you ca n't condemn one business for being more attractive , or better run commercially than its competitors . 
it 's even worse that i took this picture at the local elementary school . 	did you call someone or inform the school ? seriously that looks very dangerous , especially if children are in the vicinity 
did you call someone or inform the school ? seriously that looks very dangerous , especially if children are in the vicinity 	the school is aware of it and the children are kept away from it , seeing as it 's a bit away from any exit or playground . 
oh , do you have that mod that makes the huge trees ? 	looks like it . its just called big trees last i checked . 
i really hate how skyrim has almost no diversity . i only know of 4 or 5 red guards , only about 10 khajiit , and about 5 argonians . 	skyrim is n't exactly a melting pot of cultures . in case you did n't notice , the nords are a little bit xenophobic . not as bad as the dunmer though . 
we all hated reading it but by the end of the year i think most of us had come around to it when we were n't studying it too hard . 	that seems to be the case with most school required reads . 
i think i was the only person the class who enjoyed of mice and men . happy anniversary to a great novel . 	we all hated reading it but by the end of the year i think most of us had come around to it when we were n't studying it too hard . 
i 'm not to concerned about the data . but do you know if i could run the nightfall and weekly with it or do you think there would be to much lag to be able to play ? 	i play connected to my phone occasionally so i can use remote play on my vita . it does use quite a bit of data though . 
it 's horribly frustrating . we 're not a bad program right now , but it 's terrible watching alabama and ohio state win all these titles when i feel like we should be up there .   	you guys are n't bad at all - i think you are just a couple pieces away from a championship run . 
i 'll agree with that . there 's still a bigger point though to my story . not to discredit your opinion . 	no , i get it . even though fans did n't see it at the time , he was part of a great run for u of m . 
i actually disagree about the stadium thing . maybe not on a weekly basis , but the loudest games i 've ever heard have been in the past few years . 	miami this year ? absolutely insane level of energy . 
the nd game was well within your control . the fake fg touchdown was at the end of the 1st half . that leaves a whole half for you to come back . 	fair point . does n't make it less of an absolute bullshit call , though . even if we were n't completely robbed of the game , we were still robbed . that should have been a tie at the half . 
i did n't followed tennessee when they were good but now that we 're recruiting at a high level i feel like butch can do really well for us . 	it was a different world back then . a happy world with more orange and less crimson .  it was a world worth saving . but we let it die . 
i 'm just guessing that was a dig at u of m and not at msu . 	was n't trying to be a dig . ohio st , penn state and michigan easily have the biggest fan bases . it 's not like msu is a slouch either though . 
colorado is like the reverse oregon . they went from powerhouse to doormat just as quickly and right in step with oregon 's move from doormat to powerhouse . 	well we did play against each other in the 2002 fiesta bowl . i think it 's funny we played alabama in the 2007 independence bowl and how we went in completely different directions from there . 
dude , it takes about a week or two after the ticket for the website to allow you to process your car . 	but i thought it said i needed to pay the ticket within seven days ? 
visual studio . the express edition is free . 	ok cool thanks . i had been told that visual studio only worked with visual basic which i probably should have verified myself .  what 's the difference between express and the normal version ? 
make eye contact with the one you were talking to . so when they look your way they both understand who was meant to respond . 	to add to that , address them specifically while making eye contact . it gets their attention and makes it clear who are you talking to . 
is it just me that ca n't really see where the skull is ? i may be overlooking it . any chance of pointing it out for me op ? 	try to look at the image all together . the moon is an eye , the rocks of the campfire are teeth and the smoke is the nose . it 's really subtle and i like that . 
did n't a couple show off their matching tattoos very similar to this recently ? just wondering if you got the idea from them or if you all just happened to like the same image . 	i had been wanting something like this for a while now . i gave the artist a lot of creative control and that 's what he came up with . i love it . 
how was it getting your foot tattooed ? i 'm booked in for mine in 2 weeks and i have heard terrible things ! 	it was n't that bad , a lot of people told me it would be terrible , but only a few parts really hurt . towards the toes and the outside edge of the foot were the bad parts . 
pita pizza . one pizza can be made for a little over 200 calories if you buy the right ingredients . 	i second this plus pita everything ! you can put so much stuff in a pita pocket and take it to go , i 'm obsessed 
i love sims 2 , hate sims 3 and am enjoying sims 4 so far . if i were you i 'd try out the sims 3 base game and just see if you like how it plays . i did n't , but lots of people do . 	i enjoyed 2 as well , though i did n't have many expansions . i 've noticed that lots of people who liked 2 tend to enjoy 4 more than 3 's fans . 
i ca n't aim for crap 	you just admitted that the direct hit is n't the one who sucks in that situation 
it does 102 . at long range you ca n't even two shot somebody with a headshot and body shot due to its range . 	you have a point . people should n't try to use the ambassador as a sniper rifle . however , where it really shines is in picking people off that you know are damaged . 
when it comes to the evolution of warfare tanks are some really amazing pieces of hardware . 	it 's strange to me that tanks evolved from being based on killing infantry to killing other tanks 
so anyone america goes to war with . 	it seems we still like to use our much better tanks , like to show off . 
after seeing fury , i can atleast say that being in a tank sucked in wwii . 	i feel like it sucks all the time . you become the main target . 
basically they are still useful against someone who does not have air superiority . 	so anyone america goes to war with . 
after seeing fury , i can atleast say that being in a tank sucked in wwii . 	being in a tank is great as long as you are going against guys with rifles and machine guns . 
i do n't think motion blur should be on by default . it 's a film effect and does n't add to the realism . 	motion blur is a natural light effect , what are you on about ? 
the human eye is exactly like a camera right ? gotta get that lens flare and dirty lens look ! 	except that motion blur is also seen by the eye like a camera sees it , but oh well 
motion blur is a natural light effect , what are you on about ? 	the way motion blurs in reality is not modeled in any way by the motion blur used in 3d graphics . 
except that motion blur is also seen by the eye like a camera sees it , but oh well 	yay ! double the motion blur ! 
free happy hour , you say ? 	if you have a phone you have a happy hour . they give them out if you ask or just are on their mailing list 
tree house beers interest you ? 	might be willing to check out some haze . 
it would have gotten old pretty fast if it just kept doing the road trip theme . they needed to add more substance but i agree the show has gone downhill the past few seasons . 	i understand that , it just felt like the big war overshadowed everything else in the show to the point that the show did n't know how to do anything but build to the next entity to fight . 
how does your gkmc sound ? my pressing sounds extremely quiet . i have to almost double , nearly triple , the volume for it to sound normal . 	sounds fine to be , great cut . 
haha tldr : marvel is making star wars comics now 	so there have been star wars comic books being made since the original movies ? 
wait they still make star wars comics ? 	oh yeah dark horse was making them up until last year ! haha . but now that the mouse owns star wars they let that contract expire and gave it back to marvel . 
so are they pretty independent of the movie storylines ? 	yeah a lot of them do n't really tie into the movies directly . 
so there have been star wars comic books being made since the original movies ? 	pretty much yeah . marvel did them first in the 70s , then dark horse had them for a really long time and now it 's back at marvel . 
yea , i do n't run skill drain in the main , but i side them in vs nekroz so that should help 	it really should be a main deck card . 
i salute you sir or ma 'am . 	sir ! it 's too bad i live in the middle of nowhere , they would disappear so fast in a big city . 
same . i do n't believe he mentioned language feature pegging to the php versions , though ? 	what do you mean by language feature pegging in this case ? 
how much were you thinking on selling them for ? 	make an offer . 
htc , so t5 minimum 	ah , so the min tier goes up by one with each campaign ? 
a friendly conversation about a hot pic and you had to ruin it with stereotyping . 	you meant cold hard reality . 
look who has their head up their ass , i know people who know people who are bronies , and have talked to them , filthy filthy bastards . 	man you 're just a sack of negativity are n't you ? 
or their cheap what ? the suspense is killing me 	next time on dragon ball z ! 
nvidia does the same with gfx cards . produce one high end card , disable parts and sell it as low end . 	holy fuck are you serious ? does that mean i could get a cheap graphics card and make it super fast by enabling some things on it ? 
nvidia does the same with gfx cards . produce one high end card , disable parts and sell it as low end . 	are the disabled parts able to be re - enabled ? 
nvidia does the same with gfx cards . produce one high end card , disable parts and sell it as low end . 	they also lie to customers , there 's that to consider . 
for instance , the volume and channel buttons switched ? or ascending vs descending number buttons ? things like that ? 	the buttons all do the same thing . they might have different programmed functions and different print on the button caps , but they still operate the same way . 
up from none ? you cant multiply by 0 dude . 	i can run skyrim and play call of duty , that 's really all i needed it for 
what about her whispering eye ? 	is n't that when the brown eye whispers back ? 
nvidia does the same with gfx cards . produce one high end card , disable parts and sell it as low end . 	in the perfect world there would n't be hardware competition and every tech company would work together to make the best possible products for everyone . 
endorphins , they block out the pain 	exercise gives endorphins too but if you have a headache you probably do n't wanna go for a jog . 
and what exactly would an unstable core do ? overheat ? leak data ? processors are not my forte . 	the computer will crash . 
same in the years of old when white wall tires were in style .  if you did n't want to pay for the white walls then they 'd install the tires with the white walls facing inward . 	we have white walls on our classic . my dad told me about this as a kid and i forgot until you just reminded me . thanks ! 
too bad you could n't plug in a better car into the harness . 	at least he did n't buy a chrysler pt cruiser . 
cool . thanks for the help . 	do n't forget it 's very possible that core was disabled because it was unstable . you 'll risk random blue screens and other issues by unlocking it . 
i prefer quantum adhesive . 	i use schrodinger 's glue 
can someone explain the logic behind designing a product like this ? 	for a company , it is always better to go with the option that makes more cents than the one that makes more sense . 
nvidia does the same with gfx cards . produce one high end card , disable parts and sell it as low end . 	they do n't disable the parts . it is just that some cards will just be slower , and maybe have less gb . amd does the same thing .  it is part of the manufacturing process . 
do n't you need 2 penises to do that 	it 's usually done by two men . but it can also be one man and a dildo . 
generally those disabled cores are the ones which fail their testing benchmarks . 	but from what i have read earlier , they do not test every cpu on the wafer . they spot check and classify that whole wafer or production . 
i used to work in consumer electronics retail and noticed that a lot of companies used the exact same remote controls , just with different button layouts and different branding . 	lg did n't bother with mine , they just made one remote so now my remote has a bunch of buttons that the tv just does n't respond to , there is a 3d button but my tv does n't have 3d . 
nope , same mechanically , different programming . 	for instance , the volume and channel buttons switched ? or ascending vs descending number buttons ? things like that ? 
what about cars then ? i know my car has a model that use push button ignition and i can see in my car where the button is placed . can i just open it up and wire some sort of button then ? 	depending on the car , it may have wiring set up , but usually the wiring for components are missing . 
ah okay .  intel apparently has some pretty great manufacturing processes . it would n't surprise me if some of the less well known manufacturers still bin for defects . 	there 's really only two , consumer level cpu manufacturers nowadays . 
and what exactly would an unstable core do ? overheat ? leak data ? processors are not my forte . 	i 'm guessing memory errors as the processor writes either junk to a correct register or correct information to an incorrect register 
soon , they will just offer that feature as dlc . 	shut your whore mouth . 
maybe the power source wasnt enough for two usb 's  	that 's what i initially thought . tried two phones on them and they seemed to both charge at the regular rate simultaneously 
it 's usually done by two men . but it can also be one man and a dildo . 	otherwise known as 2 and a half men 's final form . 
nvidia does the same with gfx cards . produce one high end card , disable parts and sell it as low end . 	sometimes . not by any means is it common practice . i think there was a single consumer grade card that was true for in the past year . 
because now you can sell a dual charger for twice the price and the same manufacturing cost : d 	thanks , i can sleep easy now . its probably cheaper to make them all the same way and they can jack up the price on the one that has both ports exposed . 
so you 're saying you just have to drop your wife and then you can use both ? nifty . 	you could throw her down the stairs a few times . you know , really mess with her self esteem . 
same engines . same frames . you 're looking at the surface . 	chassis and engine do not equal a whole car .  interior , dampening , in some cases suspension , transmission etc are way more . 
for instance , the volume and channel buttons switched ? or ascending vs descending number buttons ? things like that ? 	he means each button sent the same signal , the different tv brands just interpreted them differently depending on how that button was marked . 
do they both work ? 	it does ! this has been the most helpful post . 
are the disabled parts able to be re - enabled ? 	it depends . i remember reading a while back that some people managed to unlock a disable portion on a stick of ram , but it wound up causing a bunch of data errors . 
i have an old phenom ii black that was bumped to 4 cores . the 4th was slightly unstable if you really cranked the voltage up but hey , i got great use out of it . 	and what exactly would an unstable core do ? overheat ? leak data ? processors are not my forte . 
i remember reading that a car manufacturer stopped offering manual windows because it was cheaper to just design and manufacture one system . 	i think that 's most of them . manual windows are also universal . same with air conditioning , some cars have a serpentine belt arrangement that makes the ac compressor almost mandatory . 
no . i have no problem with the processor disabling , etc . to make different product lines , but making someone carry around 2l for your operational efficiency would be a dick move . 	well that is just silly . i do n't think carrying around that second usb port was really an issue . 
i 'm loving those hats they gave out . if anyone 's got an extra i 'd buy it off you . 	if anyone did have a few extras . i would purchase one and pay for the shipping since i 'm out of state . 
that would be super cool . pm me if you get your hands on the hat . i 'll pay for shipping , of course . 	i 'll let you know . i might make it home again soon 
amazing ! what are you picturing in your head , colours , styles ? 	i honestly have no idea haha . i know i 'll probably do something long and i 'm considering something pastel 
they let a potentially violent criminal off rather than reveal their techniques . seems weird . 	technically they are both criminals . so you scratch my back and i 'll scratch yours . sounds like the mafia to me . 
hence the wind inland . 	yeah but its carrying poison rain inland now : p stop poking holes in my flawed logic ! 
well , its no longer worse than the rest of the world basically xd . 	not saying much when you consider the current state : p 
and that theory is absolutely false . 	i 'm just explaining the theory , not its validity 
not any more since they clearly laid out their plan about how to deal with fan games . as long as they 're not making money off of it they do n't care . 	where did they lay this out ? 
i do n't think that meant he wanted to play a game made by talentless hacks . 	oh cool you must have played the game then if you know that it is bad . 
oh cool you must have played the game then if you know that it is bad . 	its a fan game . its going to be shitty like any fan project . 
i think you 're on the wrong post , friend . 	i love his videos , but he does stretch it a lot . i really enjoyed his new series that debuted last week though . 
i like to pretend the game lisa is a continuation of mother where ness is now a 45 year old balding biker . 	i do n't hear enough about this game around here . it definitely gave me a mother - esque feel . 
someone mentioned earlier that the way nintendo handles fan games is that they wo n't receive a cease and desist if they are n't making money off of it . 	in that case they 're more sensible than square enix , who has shut down all sorts of free fan projects . 
with a 8 game conference schedule more teams should be scheduling 2 p5 , or p5 quality opponents .  also , lsu was surprising , usually they have at least one really good ooc game . 	i 'm honestly a little bit disappointed in our ooc this year . hopefully syracuse will at least be decent this year so they can boost our sos . 
god , stay out of that comment section . yikes . 	i always read the comments on articles like this and espn , the vitriol and idiocy is always good for a chuckle 
east would be unbelievably stacked . no way . 	not once we add texas and oklahoma to the west and move vandy back to the east . 
really hope ou can give tennessee a good game to boost them going into conference play . 	this post reads like you want or think oklahoma is going to lose . 
god , stay out of that comment section . yikes . 	no shit man . i made the mistake of checking out the comments on that site . 
we should have scheduled baylor week one , man . or at least the rumored boston college . 	that would have been awesome . it would have really beefed up our ooc into something very respectable . now , we 're stuck playing two fcs to start the year . 
i hope we run a train on you after which you turn a corner and meet us in the national championship where he run a train on you .  i can dream big . 	i am not a fan of where this is going . 
move auburn and bama to the east , move vandy and mizzou to the west . problem solved , but it 'll never happen . 	wo n't work , tennessee would have two rivals in the west . 
yes . and there 's two or three teams in every conference not playing a p5 ooc . 	no there 's not . the b1g has 1 team not playing a p5 ooc and that 's penn state . 
we 're playing at syracuse 	good point , i missed that .  i forget syracuse even has a football team . 
isnt the argument that bringing a major sports team to the city will boost the local economy enough that the city 's investment pays off ? 	yup , except the math never actually works out . 
thank you for the information . i would still be really excited if i could have a home town nhl team . 	i do n't care if they show up i just want the rich dudes to pay for their own toys . 
yup , except the math never actually works out . 	can i see some numbers on this ? 
i 'm running cm12 on my rooted lg g3 through us cellular . 	i tried to flash but it bricked my system and removed my os , so it ca n't control the file system , and therefore move the . zip to be the default . 
when i asked about the nexus 6 they told me soon in october , and it didnt come out until the beginning of december i think . so i would say april ! 	i just got wind from an employee . it 'll be late march - early april . damn . 
i tried to flash but it bricked my system and removed my os , so it ca n't control the file system , and therefore move the . zip to be the default . 	well i went back to stock this morning . too many bugs for my liking and apparently the 5 . 0 update ota is coming tomorrow so we will see . 
by the time you are interviewing , you should be at the level where you are more productive from reading than from watching videos . 	so you 're saying that you have no clue how learning works ? watching videos is just as legit a method to gain knowledge as reading books . 
i think they decided to go with the electoral process , via ballots , than with any free expression methods , such as dance . 	nah , i 'm gonna keep imagining it the more fun way . 
what kind of juice ? 	apple juice . 
let 's build a helicopter out of gamers 	that 's a solid career plan .  the jabs about his own narrow field - of - view could n't be more spot on . 
yeah i guess you 're right . i mean it would suck but it would n't be as bad as i think it would be . just from my experience , moving a 20 gal long to and from school is a pain ! 	hahaha . i moved 3 times in quick succession before settling in here 5 years ago . definitely feel your pain . 
so the extra deck monsters just get banished instead ? 	yes , if the monster you send is from the extra deck , you would banish it , then ritual summon the nekroz monsters . 
not on pc unfortunately .  ripping the isos from my games is n't as bad as it sounds , come on . 	no , it is not that bad , i agree . do you need the specific file , or could you just play through the game until that point ? 
that part with guude thinking he fought coe and coe just going with it was the best . laughed so hard i choked on my snacks . 	and then pyro being asked why he 's hurt and he said he fell . 
iirc ships spawn in the city tile itself . 	correct . naval units spawn inside the city . with a canal city they can then choose to move to either side . 
it 's what is called a canal city . whoever controls a city on that tile can access both sides of the map with naval units as well as trade routes . plus it 's a choke point on the land . 	do you get to choose which side of the canal , say , a battleship would spawn on ? 
is there a way to play this map as a map not as a save ? i want this map . it 's awesome . 	if you could point me to a legit free file hosting site i 'll put it up . going to save it for myself too , because it is awesome . i wo n't spoil the details though . 
do you get to choose which side of the canal , say , a battleship would spawn on ? 	iirc ships spawn in the city tile itself . 
this , i hesitate to use so many cards because of this . 	wait until you have a titan ready , use burn card , use titan spawn . 
dj snake is really good at the melodic stuff when he does do it . great song . 	can you recommend any tracks that are similar to this ? 
high impact sniper or shotgun ? only need one cut ! 	or maybe a fusion rifle , like when you strafe fire it . 
there are coffee bags , they do exist , just like tea bags . they are actually sold at my local supermarket . 	this is news to me ! til ! 
tea bags also taste terrible compared to actual tea , and yet they 're wildly popular . 	i did n't say the taste has anything to do with it . the thing is , instant coffee is a fast and easy way , like tea bags . 
i imagine the reason for coffee bags not being that popular is instant coffee . they both taste terrible in case you 're wondering . 	tea bags also taste terrible compared to actual tea , and yet they 're wildly popular . 
abed was trying to get his tracker out of pierce before they buried him , so i do n't see how he could have faked it 	but the fact that pierce brings it up as a secret he knew in his will could indicate that he knew how to get it off of himself and onto a very realistic fake pierce in the coffin . 
i dont think its the purity of the dab , its probably just the size and heat of the nail . 	you think ? i never thought about the nail . it 's a small glass nail . how long would you suggest i heat it ? 
moderation dear sir , moderation . 	that is moderation for me . a few beers and good food each weekend night . 
richard rider ! 	was going to say ! someone else actually likes rich ! 
they actually did . but i still cannot go into a shop and buy a gun . 	is it an age thing or is there some special hoop you have to jump through to get one there ? 
not sure . what i know is that firearms are no even on display at hunting or sports shops like it happens instead in other states . 	that 's wierd i went to walmart where i live and they sell what looks like ar 's 
step one , wire in a hidden manual kill switch .  step two , make sure vehicle has comprehensive coverage .  step 3 , leave door unlocked , nothing valuable inside , key in the ignition . 	comprehensive may not cover the theft if the doors were unlocked with the key in the ignition . 
i thought that law was recently ruled as unconstitutional and changed ? 	they actually did . but i still cannot go into a shop and buy a gun . 
comprehensive may not cover the theft if the doors were unlocked with the key in the ignition . 	then leave the key out , was trying to avoid the screwdriver treatment . 
i have bear mace . but i need to get the fuckers first ! 	park next to the bushes . have friends hide in bushes . record it on video and post it here .  just camp out a few nights . 
yep , very safe , is n't it ? 	i 'd recommend a hood lock to go along with the alarm . otherwise , they 'll just pop the hood and disconnect the battery , and they wo n't be gentle . 
step one , wire in a hidden manual kill switch .  step two , make sure vehicle has comprehensive coverage .  step 3 , leave door unlocked , nothing valuable inside , key in the ignition . 	then his doors will get stolen .  edit : key in the ignition ? wtf ! 
yeah , i would rather move than sell a vehicle . 	especially when changing the vehicle wo n't make a difference 
that 's crazy . i just bought a 9mm here in tn and was in and out within 20 minutes . 	i 've bought guns on my lunch hour before and left with them , of course , i 'm in texas , so that helps . 
never had any problems with my previous cars . i have had the jeep for one month and i have had to deal with this bs twice already . 	i doubt it 's not so much your vehicle as much as where you live .   
cam newton is five pounds heavier than him at the same height , and i would n't call him fat and slow . 	then he should have said he is 5 pounds lighter then cam newton . when you compare him to big ben it makes him seem like he is gonna be a sluggish man child 
so this means he is gonna be fat and slow . 	cam newton is five pounds heavier than him at the same height , and i would n't call him fat and slow . 
yeah , but is he as big as their new scoreboard ? 	scoreboard has been named the new qb . it can see the whole field and has great game awareness . 
so this means he is gonna be fat and slow . 	he is n't fat at all . he 's just a big man . he also has a huge nose . i think that will help his running ability , as he can suck in more wind than an average person . 
he 's an inch better ? not an inch bigger or taller but an inch better ! man if only i was a inch or two better . 	ur mum says im an inch better than ya dad . 
hunter has a torn acl and torn achilles and a plate in his ankle from college . . . i think his ability to come back and be productive is in serious question at this point . 	and if that 's the case , i 'm fine with the move . i hope not though . i had high hopes for hunter . he looked good before injuries got him . 
i 'd rather take a chance on spiller . they can probably be had for the same price and i think he 'd be a better compliment to hyde 's running . 	spiller is going to be a lot more expensive and will want a feature roll . 
9 - 12 rws and i do n't play mm anymore . but someone from the team said he was lem . i do n't know about the rest . 	did you guys just get together ? 
what ranks are you guys ? rws ect ? 	9 - 12 rws and i do n't play mm anymore . but someone from the team said he was lem . i do n't know about the rest . 
i much prefer the elo method but as fifa 's rankings are so important for seeding , it 's worth keeping an eye on them too . 	oh yeah true , i just figured i drop them in the thread as well since the discussion almost inevitably will end up there at some point . 
what did you eat on your cheat day ?  usually you should be fine if food you consume is n't garbage like mcd . 	just 2 bagel sandwiches , one for breakfast and one for lunch . i think the carbs did me in . 
i 'd say there 's plenty to speculate about , and the fact that i had to scroll all the way down here to find the first serious post is disappointing . 	that 's what you get with a site full of kids . 
he surely views himself as a modern day tsar . 	no , you view him as viewing himself like that . which is a distinction . and laughably wrong 
this article is so strange . it reads like it was written by a 12 year old non english speaker . 	what do you expect from an intern ? literally all of the news is written by intern these days at these major sites . 
this article is so strange . it reads like it was written by a 12 year old non english speaker . 	i suspect it was a generated news story . 
do countries do these kind of announcements ? like it 's a company releasing a new product . feels like something nk would do . 	yeah it 's totally normal . we do it all the time . calling a press conference or big announcement without leaking the topic is pretty much status quo . 
reading tea leaves , there is a power struggle going on between putin and an even more belligerent faction , perhaps dissatisfied with his handling of ukraine .  source : very strong coffee 	let me read my tarot cards .  hmmm .  they say there is a juice spill on my table and i need new cards . 
actually a non covert all out war would be done through a press conference and a signalling to your enemy that you 're about to do it first 	yes . see the invasion of iraq . 
have you checked under your bed ? 	or between the cushions on the couch . missing things are almost always there . 
i 'm pretty sure in all seriousness , putin got married to that olympics chick . 	that 's a possibility . maybe the birth of a child forced a quick marriage in order to preserve putin 's image as a moral leader in russia . are there any pictures of his girlfriend pregnant ? 
my mate darren says it will be an announcement concerning china , north korea and isis or his death 	isis is fighting russian interests in syria .  i do n't think russia is the world power feeding isis . 
it appears the 14 people who upvoted found it funny and clever . i realize you can only comment on yourself , outside of your own opinion what you said applies to no one .   	insert into dick tuck 's concession speech following his loss in the 1966 california state senate election . 
that 's what you get with a site full of kids . 	man - children . important distinction , kids do n't have neck beards . 
what do you expect from an intern ? literally all of the news is written by intern these days at these major sites . 	ca n't say i blame them , hunting planes in black holes must really take a lot of their journalists 'time up . 
that is seriously the worst mobile site i have seen . 	was thinking the same thing . it 's even worse on a pc . 
i just flipped through all the major news outlets with stories on it , they literally might as well be reddit users at this point , they do n't know anything more than we do . 	that 's why so many people come here to find news articles . there is no trusted news authority anymore . heck , some of them even waste our time showing us the vids people post on reddit . 
this is indeed bad , but i was once a cub reporter and remember being told by my editor to think of my readers as being sixth - graders . 	why would you write for sixth - graders ? 
ca n't say i blame them , hunting planes in black holes must really take a lot of their journalists 'time up . 	they 're trying to find the black hole that sucked up their viewers . 
my mate darren says it will be an announcement concerning china , north korea and isis or his death 	wait , when did darren die ? 
it might force one person to read an article . 	a huge percentage of the articles linked on reddit are pure garbage . 
in the absence of actual information , what else is there ? all we can do is guess . 	i just flipped through all the major news outlets with stories on it , they literally might as well be reddit users at this point , they do n't know anything more than we do . 
there is nothing else to say , though . nobody knows anything , there is n't even anything to speculate about . so all that 's left are jokes . 	i 'd say there 's plenty to speculate about , and the fact that i had to scroll all the way down here to find the first serious post is disappointing . 
congrats internet friend ! that 's awesome news and i 'm really happy for you . good luck with your studies ! 	thank you so much , youre a wonderful person 
my last house had that , your only real option is to scorch the earth . 	i 've been on the lookout for a military - grade flamethrower to use on this stuff . 
3rd year here , i fucking love it . rotations are so much better than step studying . 	same . i hated second year but i absolutely love med school right now as an m3 . i ca n't wait to be a doctor . guys , everything gets so much better once that awful exam is over , just hang on . 
the gold mario amiibo is n't just spray painted gold . if you just did that you would miss out on smaller details such as the m on his hat . 	true , but still you can carefully paint his cap to put in the m details as well . 
wins are wins . and when you beat a team twice and finish better than them in the same conference , you are a better team . 	oregon is not the better team . if it was n't for a lucky 3 at the end that game it would 've been a whole different story 
oregon is not the better team . if it was n't for a lucky 3 at the end that game it would 've been a whole different story 	if it were n't for two horrendous foul calls the game would n't have been tied . nothing was lucky about that three . nothing . 
wins are wins . and when you beat a team twice and finish better than them in the same conference , you are a better team . 	oregon is not the better team . if it was n't for a lucky 3 at the end that game it would 've been a whole different story 
as someone that was in the us navy , and has a brother that was a seal , i am the first to admit that the british s . a . s . is the most badass elite tactical team in the world . 	i think op is talking about sports . 
wow , i do n't even know what to say . i 'm speechless . thank you so much . i 'm so sorry to hear that that happened to you and i 'm so grateful for the advice and kind words 	of course , sorry it 's taken me so long to respond , i 've been on vacation . but i hope you 're holding up , if you want to talk , share stories , whatever , i 'll be here . 
that was a long , gradual shift that started way before 1964 and had nothing to do with race . 	no , it was n't long or gradual , it occured in the span of ten years . 
the purple unicorn is real , and will destroy non believers . 	oh fuck , i thought it was the mushrooms and told the visual to piss off . now im in for it . 
a few decades ago , it was the rise of black civil rights that threatened conservative religious groups . 	oh really ? then it 's very strange how they were the ones fighting for black civil rights while democrats fought them every step of the way . . . 
i 've seen a few good deals on shave bazaar for around 40 . unless you want to go all out on the first one 	that 's just for the razor . i 'll need at least a strop and some oil for upkeep if not a stone as well . 
male , 1 , riolu for swinub 	sent ! c : 
actually it is , you get banned chat just for being reported a certain amount of times , its like an automatic system 	behind this system there is an ai that can tell if this report was legit or not . no one at riot would this stupid to just count reports and punish players after x reports . 
then there is like , the one person asleep on the couch while its happening 	maybe she 's so fly she actually did n't give one single fuck . 
handhelds have internet connection . 	what i mean is what is the point of having a game on a handheld you can only play at home ? 
country ? state ? 	ah yes , kansas in usa 
isla of qpr , wondering if he 's worth it for double gw , he got a bonus point so guessing he must of done some good 	he made a great play to stop a good scoring opportunity and cleared it for his team . 
makes 3 of us . fuck torrey smith . he 's a big ass cry baby 	cry baby ? get over yourself . he was nothing but a class act . 
he cared more about activism than his play on the field . 	he was a good role player and stepped up at lb a bit . 
i ca n't hate him . the guy was struggling with mental issues his whole career . not his fault that he could n't handle the pressure . 	i do n't know if you can blame it all on mental issues . his arm throwing motion was horrible . 
i will second this on a personal level . ruined the only game i ever got to see in person in seattle with two of the worst fumbles in ravens history . 	and to this day , the seahawks are the only team flacco has yet to beat ; other than the ravens themselves . 
i would n't mind translating it . ill probably need a few days though as i 'm currently busy . 	thank you , i would really appreciate it . there is no rush . i would n't want it to interfere with anything you have going on ! 
this is sooo true . and when i remember how sc2 community makes fun on bnet 2 . 0 when bnet 2 . 0 compared to gg is like comparing space age with prehistoric age . 	man i am sooooo glad i did n't go through with buying this game . thanks should be said to the community though for warning me ! 
imo , the amount of armor in that build is overkill .  personally , i 'd go for around 2 , 8k - 3k for a full melee build . 	i am thinking about adding a little bit of precision and see how it goes . thanks . 
links not working . and if you want to attract talented people to work free for you , you have to come up with much more to get their interest than the above ad . 	i believe our pr guy has gone to bed , i 'll post a new ad and comment it here . thanks for the input .   
is this from an episode i 've missed ? seriously well done dude . would have read like adam even without context . 	thanks . i always appreciate comments on my writing . 
just be mindful of the beans . some can actually kill you if you slow cook them from a dry state . 	red kidney beans need 10 minutes of boiling . true .  but they 'll at worst give you the shits . 
you ca n't get placed dia 5 after placements , highest is plat 1 . 	i am pretty sure dyrus got placed in diamond 3 one season , but that was a while ago . it might be a new thing to only place at a max of plat 1 though . 
sorry , mind expanding the answer ? why wont he be able to integrate them ? 	you ca n't integrate nations in union under you from a different religious group 
next time resign everyone in the army and then choose the commanders . that way only 3 characters are at risk . 	if one of those 3 dies in battle that flank will lose its leader and all the martial bonus a character could provide .  so it 's better to only manually resign your own ruler . 
god damn this is what i sound like when i talk . shit i sound annoying 	sorry , i will try to work on my writing . i 'm new to this . 
dont see a verified sign . is this real 	it 's too boring so far to be fake . 
op has no facebook friends that 's why . picture looked familiar but wanted to make sure someone could confirm before i said it . 	if i 'm not mistaken , the original op said it was his dad . he was driving him to the hospital or something . 
i do n't know what that means , but okay ? 	it means he should spend his money on more worth while equipment than an ab wheel if he 's doing body weight work . pretty simple . 
would the number of plates have any affect on the exercise though ? 	it 's the same really when you move forward , but you use more core strength when you have to pull the weight back . 
would the number of plates have any affect on the exercise though ? 	i would assume it is harder to move more weight . 
it means he should spend his money on more worth while equipment than an ab wheel if he 's doing body weight work . pretty simple . 	yea , like a pair of wooden rings ! le best ! 
yeah but how and where did you learn this ? 	going to college and reading history books . there 's not always some magical internet source that will tell you how to think for yourself . 
going to college and reading history books . there 's not always some magical internet source that will tell you how to think for yourself . 	my intention was not to question your learned knowledge but to find out for my own so that i may too learn . 
wooden teeth ca n't melt steel beams . 	no , they were used to forge the mighty lincoln axe . 
it would have rocked had anyone listened to him and followed his advice . 	it 's sad that most anyone who would listen to him probably would n't ever actually get elected . 
it would have rocked had anyone listened to him and followed his advice . 	they did listen . they did exactly what he said not to do . 
do n't do that , you seriously think they would n't check the activity in your account ? 	nah man , it 's ea . 
i will admit , you guys have a solid theme song . 	finding a song about purple gonna be hard . 
music was dumb , timelapse was great . 	thank you for your feedback . what song would you have suggested ? 
deck sounds super interesting in itself too . how do you find it ? 	i made it up . was n't too hard . 
heroes of the storm if pretty fun if you 're looking for something less deep than that . 	except its only buy in at the moment unless you 're lucky 
except its only buy in at the moment unless you 're lucky 	also it actually sucks and is n't fun 
faceless void sounds so natural to me i did n't even notice  	yes , i have come from dota 2 too . is just like it have sucked my life for 2 years , and i have realized that i need something less heavy to my brain to get addicted , so come hearthstone . 
yeah , it 's my new blog . i wo n't spam the subreddit with every post , but i thought i 'd drop the first one in here in case people are interested . 	looking forward to it , although i worry how many insider tips you might get but got my fingers crossed for you .   
yeah , it 's my new blog . i wo n't spam the subreddit with every post , but i thought i 'd drop the first one in here in case people are interested . 	seems like this has potential . subscribed to the rss feed - i look forward to more ! 
odd . not happening for me , i just get the standard forum page with log in at the top right . 	me either . i read daily without logging in . odd . 
well then i guess that just gave everybody the green light to go ahead and buy gold from rmt .  its certainly a hell of a lot easier and faster to earn 50 euros than 500 gold . 	not if they take the purchased gold away as well as ban the buyer . if they are just banning then you 're right . 
i would n't say they 've been relaxed . they probably have either recently hired more staff to stop them or have a new method . 	or cleaning up with heart of thorns around the corner . 
it 's ironic , because anet is selling gold themselves . 	you are supporting your game by getting it from anet . 
forum gold has to be bought with real money though , right ? 	hmm yeah that 's true , damnit lol 
to any :  who is your fav god and what is your fav mode ? 	favorite god is kinda hard , but i 've always enjoyed my agni .  also , favorite mode is conquest premade by miles . 
how do you become an officer ? like be extra nice to people or do stuff to improve the clan ? 	well , submit an application and fill it out honestly so all the current officers can see it .  i would try and link you but i 'm on the app and it 's a pain in the ass to do . 
take that back ! 1v1 me in a gentlemen 's duel in the solo lane c : 	nah , real gentlemen duel in mid lane , sir : 3 
to any :  who is your fav god and what is your fav mode ? 	do n't really know , i tend to play whatever i feel is going to be fun at the time .  favorite mode is definitely conquest , premades in particular . 
calling it now : ryan 's going to be an all star this season . 	i 'm going to go with harper and scherzer as our all stars , maybe rendon . i can see zim getting a gold glove though . 
he got a double that was like a foot away from getting out . 	uggla will out of the blue get you like 1 homer a month , always when you 're least expecting it . 
i still reserve judgement , just cause he has some bad history . 	i like that he does n't give away outs . usually puts the ball in play and that 's important in our sometimes k - happy lineup . 
i saw him in adams morgan once and he 's anything but silent . he parties crazy hard 	hm . never got that feeling from him . 
that absolutely did not look a strike to me . but i will take it : 	you know , we really need espn 's always - on strike zone . that 's really the only way to know for sure . 
braves swept the fish .  that is all . 	it 's gonna be a long few months before fernandez gets back let 's jump on the fish for runs 
how can someone be considered overrated for so long ? if everyone hates them they ca n't really be overrated unless they really suck . seems like general saltiness to me . 	if it gets him to hit 2 singles a game i 'll allow it 
desi gets moved down to the 7 or 8 hole when werth , span , and rendon come back right ? 	probably . he hit seventh last year if i remember correctly . 
gio is scheduled to hit a home run today , as is tradition . 	gio hits a pinch hit walk - off homer in the bottom of the 23rd inning 
no no . watch and listen .  then , when all hope is lost , go in for the knowledge drop . 	this is the expert people , listen close . 
tim lincecum gave me the courage to realize i ca n't grow a mustache and to stop trying . 	do n't give up too soon .  then again , do n't be afraid to recognize that it just is n't happening . i 've done handlebars , others have emotional scars . 
cooking sharks makes quite a bit of money right ? 	yep , around 200 gp each . i made somewhere around 7 mil total with cooking . 
that 's kind of sweet and also what kind of a person does n't have change for the subway ? 	well , sometimes a boy has a debit card and casually forgets to go to the bank from time to time , little timmy . 
it 's twenty bucks , not a car ! take it and shut your bitch mouth about it . 	oh i took it ! and i expect to be opening my bitch mouth wide ! 
how much bitters would you go with per glass ? 	i 'd put about 2 dashes of bitters in one drink 
that 's not really what that means , btw 	clearly he beat the guy in the fight , then the taco beat him up . 
well if you were scared he 'd pull a knife then , yeah , i 'd put it under the defending people category . however why did n't you just phone the police and leave the house ? 	not everything is that black and white . 
i have seen people fight over a position in line for a free 7 - 11 slurpee .  maybe stupid purchases and masculinity just serve as excuses to fight , rather than actual reasoning . 	maybe so but the people fighting over the dvd players where i worked at were middle aged women . 
the reduced section in the supermarket i work at . savages . 	lol are you serious ? what food items was the fight over ? 
you might not care and i also would not care , but the overwhelming majority response would be outrage . think of all the minor things that have caused explosions of rage from the pc brigade . 	still that 's a stupid reason to get upset . does n't matter if it 's a popular reason to get upset . 
a cutie , no matter how many ears ! can you tell us a little more of cream 's story , op ? 	do n't know much . the staff did not know if it was a birth defect or if it was abuse . all we know if this is one happy purring kitty 
hahaha . i thought it was hilarious . this sounds like the kind of mom i could be friends with . 	yeah , she sounds pretty cool ! 
what 's with that weird highlighting that you can edit or something on that page ? has that page been modified , madlib - like , to be funny ? 	click - to - tweet . you can click on one of the highlighted passages and it will auto - generate a tweet with that quote and a link . 
today april 14 ? which state ? 	yesterday around 5pm in ma . i could n't make up my mind to buy it when it was first released , but at this price , it is great ! 
i 'd be willing to trade mirror 's edge for the 3ds mewtwo code , and i could give limbo for the wii u mewtwo code as well ? 	sounds perfect !  do you want to trade through a mod ? it looks like you have less karma but more confirmed trades than me , so i would n't mind going first . 
biking on shore road ? 	yeah , i live on 73 , between 6th and 5th , i usually ride down to shore road or ride down to 100th and etc . 
yes that map .  you can click on the cache ?  i 've never had that ability . it only makes sense that they would make them clickable to take you to the cache page . 	yes , you can click on the caches on the map . do you have noscript or similar running ? what browser are you using ? 
yep , makes perfect sense , but people with those types of issues should know not to do anything like that without talking to their doctor . 	oh yeah for sure , but with that in mind i 'm sure weed has killed more people than dolphins ; p 
marijuana overdose should have you pass out on the couch and when you wake up your pantry is empty and there is cheetos dust all over your shirt . 	also , you 're dead , because you forgot to lock the door and zombies came in . 
mass produced for store shelves , often used in eye drops . that 's my understanding from vice . well we both taught each other something today , that 's what counts . 	on a side note , i want to say how rare reasonable conversations are here on reddit , and i want to thank you for that . 
all us presidents , except obama , are members of the same family . 	actually obama also is part of that family through his mother . 
it 's not unconstitutional . the government also has the right and precedent to set taxes however they see fit . 	sure . but a referendum does n't only need to be for constitutional matters though . 
do you go to med school afterward ? 	education works much differently here , if you go to uni to study x subject , all you do is study x . no messing about doing different classes and subjects . 
you can absolutely be a professor without a phd . it 's rare , but it can happen . 	honestly , at least at my university , it 's not even rare . i go to a fairly large state school and almost a third of my professors are n't doctors . 
you 're absolutely correct .  you will be a doctor in an academic setting but not clinical , because you do n't have a clinical doctorate . pretty simple . 	actually , a doctorate of nursing practice is a clinical doctorate . it 's the degree you get to practice .  the academic version is the phd . in nursing 
you wouldnt want them to refer patients ? i understand you might not want them to have any patients at all . but since they do you dont want them to see a medical professional ? 	patient referral gives them greater legitimacy . they continually push for more powers and more legitimacy . they do n't want to just do referrals they want to do more . 
well , it is opinion , but he 's still wrong . 	imagine me saying in my opinion obama is n't the president of the united states . at some point it 's really just factually incorrect . some things are n't subjective . 
education works much differently here , if you go to uni to study x subject , all you do is study x . no messing about doing different classes and subjects . 	i would actually go to college if that were the case . 
is n't hipaa for medical professionals and related entities ? 	subtle burn . 
i would actually go to college if that were the case . 	you 're allowed to go to school in europe or the uk you know 
is n't hipaa for medical professionals and related entities ? 	yeah i do n't know how far it extends . i worked with a social work company during summers in college and we had hipaa 
i feel for those kids , they are innocent in all this . but if this is what it takes for parents 'to realize the stupidity of being anti - vax , then so be it . 	unfortunately , one parent at a time . 
any preference on video out ? almost any recent video card can handle 2x 4k in a desktop environment , but the output varies . 	do n't know enough about it to have an opinion . 
which team defensive playbook is best for this ? 	run and gun offensive playbook has a bunch of option routes . 
i got jr smith and joe johnson for 2 - guard , but i am hardly saying its a better choice .  i feel most confident with kyrie , duncan , and deandre 	id much rather take joe johnson as well . options are not that great at the sg position . but i like jamal crawford tonight too , clippers are gonna definitely need him tonight to win 
not a single one of those guys are c 's lol . but i 'd take joe johnson . 	he didnt post this in the center spot it just kind of looks that way . op , i would go with manu personally . 
which is what i do n't understand . why teach your female children to be prey , and not also hunters capable of holding their own . 	you 've got it all wrong . they 're teaching their daughters to be aware of the assholes out there and choose wisely . 
so your saying that my dad does n't love me because he never threatened any of my ex 's with over - protective bullshit ? wow okay . 	dads parent differently , you know . that 's how some dads show their love . 
is her dad sami zayn ? 	this guy 's more ripped than sami , he 'd probably move to the main roster quicker haha . 
jokes on him . she 's lesbian . 	jokes on us , he 's gay 
which is what i do n't understand . why teach your female children to be prey , and not also hunters capable of holding their own . 	because we live in a world where backwards and irrational attitudes still exist , along with a whole raft of people ready to defend the indefensible . 
seems the only one thinking of that underage girl sexually - is him . 	welcome to this entire movement of overprotective dads . they are the real pervs and thus assume every other guy is too . its creepy as shit . 
guess we 'll just take your word for it then . 	it 's actually impossible otherwise , the muscle cannot grow that fast with such a small metabolism . there is a reason they say not to work out until you 're at least 11 - 12 . 
so edgy . 	he 's not bashing religion , he 's just saying the bible promotes keeping virginity until marriage .  where do you see the edge ? 
because he turned her into an advertisement for his insecurity . 	does n't seam very insecure .  or is this now projection time and i did n't notice it . 
exactly . what a loser .  downvoted . my mistake , seems like a real cool guy that does n't want everyone to see him with his shirt off . 	i really hope some third party got that shirt for her . 
when i had my first girlfriend in 10th grade my dad would n't let us hang out alone in my room . my dad was cock blocking me and i never found out why . 	maybe his desire to not be a grandfather overcame his trust in a 15 year old 's ability to practice safe sex . 
your comments in this thread . just wow . why are you so butthurt . 	she 's an srd regular , it should come as no surprise . 
yeah well unlike most people on this website , i 'm not catering to a bunch of strangers for fake internet points . so i get to talk how the fuck i want . 	do n't cut yourself on that edge . 
not always that way . my father pulled off not paying my mother a dime until i hit 18 and he did n't have to pay child support anymore . 	did your mother not pursue legal action ? that will happen when you just lay down . 
the fact that you quite obviously just tried to cover up how insecure you are about being fat . 	i 'm a personal trainer , i workout practically every day . i could n't be any further from being fat if i tried . but people can continue to think otherwise - it 's no skin off my back 
you should just start selling these shirts to all the parents . shit if you had the time photoshop each customer dad onto your picture . 	the only dads who would buy this are the types of dads masturbating daily about their children . 
stacey 's dad has got it going on . 	but stacy does n't know ! stacy does n't know ! do n't tell stacy ! stacy does n't know ! 
hell no . i have three guitar hero controllers . 	you clearly cant recognize that one of those is in fact a rock band guitar . 
that 's what i would hope : p 	nah , you 're cool . it 's just the hypocrisy of congratulating one kid for having sex and shaming another that 's the problem . 
pork chop sandwiches ! 	are you guys high ? 
so where are all the shirts like this for sons , warning off the girls ? hmm . 	i have never seen a shirt for either in public before . this one was clearly a joke 
not only that , but by putting that shirt on her , he 's acting like she 's sexual property to be won . 	it 's similar to christian purity dances . weird as fuck , man . 
you mean delete reddit ?  i want to gym up too , but reddit takes all my free time . i am a slave to the machine . 	dude , reddit on your phone between sets . 
what he 's succeeded in doing is ensuring that his daughter takes her shirt off the moment he is n't around . 	because he turned her into an advertisement for his insecurity . 
there 's jokes , then there 's implying abuse and incest . not cool . 	i 'm a big fan of dark humor . 
i 'm gonna need you to point out the parents who are excited about their 9 - year - old son being sexually active , because i 've never seen it . 	nice straw man bro . we both know i was talking about high school students , but you can make up arguments in your head if you want . 
now all of the gay kids are going to pretend to be her friend to get close to her dad . 	you mean that one gay kid in every school ? 
who does n't want that ? my apartment has one bathroom and no subway . 	my apartment has a stupid elevated rail . 
way to stereotype . there was also a man , a reddit legend , who actually encouraged his wife to have sex with their son because the poor guys hands were injured and he could not masturbate .   	i remember that guy . i do n't buy it . 
i 'm a woman who masturbates more than once per day and have since i was ten . 	and has n't your conversations with other women made you realize how much of an outlier you are ? 
who does n't want that ? my apartment has one bathroom and no subway . 	people who do n't like the constraints of living at home . 
wonder where he got it from ? could n't possibly be the imgur comments ! 	the imgur comment is actually newer . 
i also believe our biological urges affect civilization , but you are stretching it . you are trying to find patterns where there are none . 	but there very much are . human behavior is dictated not only by environment , but by our biology on a genetic level . 
in this thread : a ton of sex jokes about a preteen girl keep it classy , reddit 	i 'm pretty sure there are more about the dad 
the pta where your from is apparently far more attractive then mine . the pta president weighs at least 300 pounds and the rest are not much better . 	rich suburban dude here . the the trophy wives in my area all did pta because they didnt have to work . 
boys do n't come home pregnant . simple as that . 	yet they have to live with the child or pay 18 years of child support . it 's similarly life changing . i do n't see the difference . 
so sexist . his little girl is an innocent angel and the boys are all rapists . fuck him . i bet his daughter is a slut and has probly already sucked about one or two cocks , at least . 	1 . not sexism .  2 . you just turned around and did the exact thing you got mad about a sentence later . you 're dumb . 
the trouble is that often parents and society do n't make it really difficult for them to have sex they just make it difficult for them to have safe and comfortable sex . 	i support sex education but when you say comfortable do you really think parents should let their underaged children have sex freely in their household ? i 'm just clarifying .   
how is this douchy ? looks like a joke to me . 	if you ca n't tell how this is douche material , you 're probably a douche yourself . 
there 's fire on your sleeve ! 	and my axe ? 
you wanted to it to be with her father ? 	no , she said he was gay so dad would leave them alone together . but it was all a clever ruse because he was n't really gay , or handsome and dreamy i guess . 
do n't cut yourself on that edge . 	speaking of edges , nice username . 
what he 's succeeded in doing is ensuring that his daughter takes her shirt off the moment he is n't around . 	this . you ca n't cage a tiger . chicks who have a father like this are always the biggest sluts . 
yep . seeing this dad makes me want to gym up and delete facebook . 	he 'll be right back because science . he 's not going to exercise . 
are you a guy ? 	i fail to see how gender is relevant . besides , everyone is a guy on the internet . 
dad appears to be quite the narcissist . 	thats not narcissism . 
looking for food options outside of stadium . already saw sticky for tips inside . 	the big stick is a straight shot from the center field gate . i have n't personally tried it yet , but i 've heard it 's pretty good 
also , there 's telling elaborate jokes . 	are n't jokes supposed to be funny ? 
or one of the internal pockets on his trench coat . 	do you not have a fedora pocket ?  pssh . peasant . 
wow , so you mean i 'm not the only one keeps fake blood on them to pretend their dead ?  what a small world ! 	fake blood ? i always keep a pint of fresh blood on me for situations . you do n't want to look some amateur and nothing beats the real thing ! 
i love how much you 're describing parenting a toddler . this is my life , but my little n is two . 	yeah , n 's have n't much passed that stage , no matter their age . handling them is very similar . 
wayne gets a lot of unwarranted shit in general . i still think he 's one of the best rappers ever though . 	his ability to flow in any beat is crazy i feel like he was just born to rap . 
i hope carter v comes this year . i mean with all of these other amazing albums coming out , it 'd just be like an amazing year closer if it came out around november or december . 	tbh why does it need to be carter v ? his next album could basically be cv songs just a different name . 
i wear a short sleeve shirt , typically something moisture wicking like a loose under armour . i 'll give long sleeve a try though , seems that my sleeves are n't cutting it . 	for your reference i wear long sleeve , compression under armour heat gear 
the only long zelda game is hyrule warriors , the one that never ends and is n't on the 3ds . 	well if you 're talking home consoles , tp and ss took me nearly 50 hours each . that 's a pretty good length , i 'd say . 
seriously though , i 've got about 230 hours into mh4u and i 'm not even halfway done . it 's definitely a long game . 	i liked the monster hunter demo but honestly , i have no friends so id just play by myself 
well if you 're talking home consoles , tp and ss took me nearly 50 hours each . that 's a pretty good length , i 'd say . 	that 's true , though tp is closer to 30 hours long to me unless you do a lot of side stuff . hw just has insane length even before dlc . 
go buy dragon quest ix , i havent found all the end game dungeons yet , and i bought it 2 years ago 	yes . yes . yes . so much this . such a great game . actually i need to play that again . gonna go do that . thanks ! 
the only long zelda game is hyrule warriors , the one that never ends and is n't on the 3ds . 	oh sure , the one that costs money that i do n't have edit : i was trying to be funny , it was a joke 
you do n't have to be a student to go to the games , silly goose . 	maybe he is n't from near college station ? 
i , too , only post memes on my phone . 	the beers did not help . shit . 
no there is n't . i just downloaded all of the nba playoff games from tonight . 	i 'll check again , but i did n't see game 3 of the gsw vs no game a few hours ago . 
hell , we even made a movie about it . truly we are self - centered . 	and in typical aussie fashion , it was one of those so shit it 's good movies .  and we got a kiwi to play the main part . 
sweet , so 500k ? 	sounds good , added you ! my town or yours ? 
i 'll go to yours , mine has too many designs on the train station . 	gate 's open ! 
two ring mount , both on guard 	both on handguard ? is the handguard square ? you could mount a red dot or your scope on the receiver to test . 
two ring mount , both on guard 	can you post a picture of this ? i bet your handguard is off center . 
my mouth is wide open and eager . fill me up ! 	pm me your snapchat id . i 'm rock hard and have a load waiting for you . 
he 's laughing now until someone finds a picture of a black man holding gun , pouring out busch light and burning chick fil a . 	from texas , chic - fil - a is not a food commonly associated with white people . i would go with taco bell or chipotle . 
rip mike , ever since you passed dinner has never been the same . the chicken is burnt to shit , and we ca n't find any cups so we have to drink soda off the ground . 	oh fuck that 's awesome . 
i think that men is heating the chicken in a wrong way , also i 'm not american , but i think the flag is backwards , is n't ? 	i 'm not entirely too sure but hanging the flag in different ways can mean certain things . someone posted a link to all the various correct ways to display the flag with each of its meanings . 
even as a joke it 's disgusting that someone would think that this is funny 	well , you 're on this website so get ready to be disgusted on a very regular basis 
i think that men is heating the chicken in a wrong way , also i 'm not american , but i think the flag is backwards , is n't ? 	he 's all about america , while wearing a honda hat . go back to japan ! fucking hentai lover !  i bet that flag 's made in china too . 
well then i will just put this here that because of the holes in the flag this particular flag should be retired and not hung anymore . 	and the only way to respectfully retire a flag is to burn it . 
crying free speech is n't a shield against criticism . they can burn all the flags they want . i 'll be calling them worthless sacks of dog shit for it every time . 	there 's nothing wrong with burning the flag of your country . what matters is the intended meaning of it for the most part . 
that awkward expression with his mouth is a big wad of chewing tobacco . you might be right with the sarcasm , but i 'm not convinced . time will tell , i reckon . 	ahh did n't catch the chewing tobacco thing . i only know like one person who uses it so i do n't really know what it looks like . could he be faking it with his tongue or is it very distinct ? 
he 's laughing now until someone finds a picture of a black man holding gun , pouring out busch light and burning chick fil a . 	i think you mean pouring out a starbucks coffee and burning a mcdonald 's happy meal ? 
bruce jenner recently killed a woman in a car crash , and since all anyone has talked about for days is his interview sunday night , i 'm guessing that is it . 	yep , i agree . someone else pointed that out , and it does fit much better 
you read it wrong , he said he has black friends and co - workers that disagree with what 's going on in baltimore , not just that he has black friends . 	wonder how they feel about the fried chicken and grape soda ? maybe he should ask them while he 's still holding the assault rifle . 
only on the right sleeves of military uniforms . not when hung on a wall . 	and cop uniforms . 
the flag is displayed in a way that if it was a real flag it would be waving in the wind . does that make any sense ? 	that reference does n't make sense to me when it 's displayed on your chest . i would think it should be displayed the same way it is on a wall . 
he 's also wearing a honda hat . 	exactly . and why are n't we talking about the fox shocks logo being backwards ? 
does n't a backwards flag mean he 's being held hostage or under enemy control ? or is it upside - down ? 	stars on the bottom is supposed to be a sign of distress but i do n't think anyone actually follows that . not even taught in my experience . 
i just thought it was ironic that he was so hurt about the burning of the precious , yet he did n't bother to have the respect to hang it properly . 	maybe it was to represents how this country is filled with backwards people who just harm the country ?  did you ever think of that mr free speech man ? 
could someone explain why grape soda and fried chicken is used ? i 'm not from america . 	racism , general ignorance . i 'm not from the usa either , but his flag is flying backwards . 
you 're right the right hand flag is for wearing on your right arm only . every other patch should be the normal left hand flag 	when the flag is backwards on a soldiers arm it means that they are always moving forward . 
you gonna drink anything with that chicken ? 	yes . diet coke . 
i 'm not entirely too sure but hanging the flag in different ways can mean certain things . someone posted a link to all the various correct ways to display the flag with each of its meanings . 	the flag facing that way is supposed to show how american troops are moving forward . the flag is blowing in the wind 
i find it funny that you are hating on people who judge an entire group by a stereotype and turn around and do the exact same thing . you 're no worse than the guy in the picture . 	what 's important here is that you find a way to feel superior to both . 
let 's be honest . he ate the chicken and is burning an empty bucket . that shit is kind of expensive . 	if he can afford that gun the bucket of chicken is nothing . 
apollo creed broke the law then ? 	and rocky 's jaw , man . 
rip mike , ever since you passed dinner has never been the same . the chicken is burnt to shit , and we ca n't find any cups so we have to drink soda off the ground . 	this comment is full of awesome . well done . 
the only time you put the stars to the right on a wall is if you want to hang it vertically . 	always top left relative to the observer . vertical or horizontal , does n't matter . 
i think that men is heating the chicken in a wrong way , also i 'm not american , but i think the flag is backwards , is n't ? 	this is how we bbq in america . 
boy , when i get done posting on reddit , i sure do like to refuel with the delicious taste of buttery biscuits and crispy chicken from kfc ! 	you 're right , i really could go for a crispy wing , a savory breast or any of the delicious sides offered at my local kfc . 
what is the transgender situation ? im only aware of the blacks being slaughtered by the cops 	i think our hillbilly hero was referring to the holmes shooter case ? 
ingredients still sugar , water , and purple ? 	it 's high fructose corn syrup these days . 
welcome to america . 	here 's your flag , soda , and bucket of fried chicken . next ! 
what if the enemy is to the left ?   	turn the plane around . 
nope . hat and tattoo say otherwise . 	yeah i realized that after i wrote the comment and deleted it . 
i 'll grant you that the ar is ugly and cheap . but do n't be hatin 'on my nikon . 	haha no nikon hate here , not the best , but i 'm sure it wo n't have any trouble holding its zero shooting 223 , and you ca n't beat that price honestly . 
just because we protected free speech does n't mean we have to agree with flag burning , or are n't allowed to reply with our own speech . 	i agree - i do n't understand his point of view ; i never said he could n't voice it . 
man , you must be great at parties . 	well , that person still speaks the truth . 
crying free speech is n't a shield against criticism . they can burn all the flags they want . i 'll be calling them worthless sacks of dog shit for it every time . 	if you do it in the manner as the guy in the photo , i 'll be calling you a shit fucking bigoted cunt as well . 
apollo creed broke the law then ? 	yes edit : well , no . flag code , not law 
anyone notice it 's not even a real bullet proof vest or gun but airsoft equipment ? 	yeah he 's just a man child that likes to play dress up and borderline stolen valor . maybe he should join the military , but he would rather stay home and be comfortable 
crying free speech is n't a shield against criticism . they can burn all the flags they want . i 'll be calling them worthless sacks of dog shit for it every time . 	just know , they also can criticize you back for calling them worthless sacks of dog shit . 
i honestly thought burning the flag was a criminal charge ? that 's just what my pops told me growing up 	a federal law was passed that made it a crime to burn flags other than to dispose of them respectfully , but it was struck down in the supreme court . 
i think you mean pouring out a starbucks coffee and burning a mcdonald 's happy meal ? 	i was trying to think of the whitest food possible . 
he could be in the army . if you look on the right shoulder of any soldier the flag is facing the same direction as in the picture . 	if he were in the army he would know better than to hang a flag that way .   
the worst part was the accompanying text where he claimed he was n't racist . ya know , cause he knows some black people . 	yeah ! making aggressive gestures using insulting stereotypes is n't racist at all ! 
he 's laughing now until someone finds a picture of a black man holding gun , pouring out busch light and burning chick fil a . 	because it 's so hard to find images of black men holding guns and lighting things on fire 
thats not how it works at all . when they wear a patch the flag is backwards . when hung like the idiot in the photo its supposed to be hung long ways with the stars on the top left . 	not always on the patch . all of mine have the blue field on the left . 
the flag also has a hole in it and should be disposed of properly . this dip shit also thinks he is cool with an air soft gun . 	i agree - she 's tired and needs to be retired respectfully . i do n't airsoft and have n't seen a weapon in decades , so i cannot confirm or deny the airsoft - ness . 
he got the tattoo done backwards to simulate running into battle . 	fuck i 'm broke but somebody give this guy gold . my fucking computer is covered in the water i just simultaneously spit out and choked on laughing at this . 
what do you mean ? reddit is so liberal . except when it comes to equality of races and sex . in which case , it turns into the deep south . 	i find it funny that you are hating on people who judge an entire group by a stereotype and turn around and do the exact same thing . you 're no worse than the guy in the picture . 
are n't the flags on military combat jackets backwards , too ? 	the left shoulder is hung the same way , with the union on the right . the chest and right shoulder should have the union on the left . on a wall , it should be on the left . 
i think that men is heating the chicken in a wrong way , also i 'm not american , but i think the flag is backwards , is n't ? 	i think that means he 's walking forward . the flag is waving that way because of the direction he 's moving . 
when the flag is backwards on a soldiers arm it means that they are always moving forward . 	i know . i am a veteran .  i 'm saying that the backwards flag only goes on your right arm . every other flag is left hand 
i think that men is heating the chicken in a wrong way , also i 'm not american , but i think the flag is backwards , is n't ? 	nope , freedom flies in all directions . 
i was expecting a more offensive response honestly ! i 'm all for the freedom because of its implications . there are some freedoms we just should n't exercise . 	i agree that burning the flag ai n't exactly constructive ; burning the chicken ai n't either . but they both have the right to do so . glad to disappoint ! 
not countries , scientific organisations . scientific bodies make conclusions based on the evidence . countries do so because of politics . 	hahahah science is n't political hahaha good one . edit : i 'm just gonna end the convo on that note cos that 's gold 
yes its worse theyve got artificial sourced gmo abomination to god genes in their dna . 	i wo n't address the religious argument .  so you are saying that non - gmo contamination wo n't ruin your breeding lines ? if another strain crosses with yours , it wo n't affect the purity ? 
depends on your personal definition of organic . are you aware of what subreddit you 're in ? we 're growing our own food here . 	i was more referring to the average person buying organic produce in the supermarket . i do n't think any of the op article applies to us growing our own food . 
i 'm so happy that this man is predicted to lose his seat in just over a week 's time .  fortunately , he also does n't stand much of a chance of becoming london mayor , either . 	last i heard the bookies have good odds on him winning . 
muslim backlash against labour would be a good result . they could make their own parties instead of holding the established ones to ransom . 	is n't that what happened here ? the guy left labour and started his own party . 
stop using windows on a server .  over the last 15 years , i 've come to the conclusion that windows is just plain unreliable . 	and make sure to shut the gate after the horses get out .  i mean if we are just tossing out shit advice that does n't help . 
i dont see diplomacy as a major problem . but if you 're in the mood for an all out war , by all means head to your nearest recruiting office . 	already did . went to war and took a bullet . veteran of desert storm . u . s . army intelligence . 
in all seriousness i 'm writing a book about this . ca n't fit the entire story in 10 , 000 characters . 	tbh , did not expect that . xd but , feel free to mention some things that seem to stand out from the others . i 'm interested . 
not to mention that channels such as the history channel , discovery , etc . went from having great shows that were really informative to bullshit such as duck dynasty 	yeah , i miss the old discovery channel . hell , that 's how i learned english . and video games . but mainly , discovery channel . 
they tour so they 're getting paid at least a little . imo you should check out their mixtapes vol 6 and 8 , vol 3 is still my favorite . 	will do , man . thanks for the rec . 3 was amazing , but i think 2 was my favorite if i remember correct . 
could you also make your baby look like a super model ? 	currently , no , but with time , certainly . but you 'd also have to account for other factors , such as hormones during pregnancy , puberty etc . 
ah dang , i 'm on vacation that week . how often does this group meet ? 	hey just letting you know that we will be meeting every wednesday for the month of june in case you still wanted to come out !   
this is a great group . i highly recommend it if you 're in the area . 	thanks man !   
ah dang , i 'm on vacation that week . how often does this group meet ? 	no set schedule yet . weekly though is our long term goal . right now we do one or two a month . 
you 're one of those types that enjoys making things about you , so you do n't feel left out , are n't you .   	still ca n't read , can you ? that sucks . start with some see spot run books , work your way up . 
so what does it matter ? freddie gray certainly was n't a clean - cut family man , but he did n't even do anything illegal when he was arrested . 	everyone should be infuriated that freddie gray died , not just people of a certain racial background . the question then , is what is the appropriate social response . 
okay , that 's nice , do n't see what that has to do with all the white armchair racists spouting off in this thread though . 	sorry , i forgot to include my point . libertarians are very anti - drug war and should emphasize that as a talking point . it comes off as less racist . 
absolutely it is , did you read the article ? 	partly a comment to remind myself to read this later . 
i thought you just could n't make money . 	if you want to sell tickets to show the fight then you have to get permission and pay a fee to do so . 
be careful . this is technically illegal . 	i thought you just could n't make money . 
definitely cheaper than beef o brady 's and guaranteed a seat ? i 'm going . 	even if they do n't have food it will be better food than beef o brady 's 
i like anything written by stephen baxter . he writes hard science fiction , global disaster , and alternate timeline stories . 	thanks ! i 'll try and find some . 
i never used the sample browser when i was on osx . just go into my library folder and select the file and hit space bar to preview then the arrow keys to browse . 	yeah , this is the way to go . if you master the os x gestures , like show all folders and apps , you can fly back and forth between logic and any number of folders you may have open . 
i think , fishing and skipping elites means something is very wrong with the greater rift design in the first place . 	can you think of a design where you would n't want to skip elites after a certain gr , while at the same time making elites harder than normal mobs ? 
i think , fishing and skipping elites means something is very wrong with the greater rift design in the first place . 	if game has random nature , then fishing will always take place . 
how about wasp spit ? 	point blank wasp shotgun . oh how i hate those bastards . 
i agree jokes are . that one was n't 	i found it funny , nothing like humor to make usually serious topics less serious . maybe you just need to find a sense of humor variant . 
you must be fun at parties . 	school shootings are n't really funny are they ? 
that 's the least funny joke i 've seen on this sub . 	you must be fun at parties . 
school shootings are n't really funny are they ? 	they are n't . but jokes are . 
another theory is that they were n't there because it was n't supposed to be a metal gear game at the time . 	and we 're talking about a kojima game here , and he completely replaced raiden with solid snake for pre - release mgs2 stuff , so you ca n't put anything past him . 
might name my first born after him at this point . 	i 've already planned that when i have a kid he 'll be named harry and his middle name will be kane 
just take my money already ! 	can they fight in netherlands ? maybe the dutch athletic commission will let diaz toke up . 
lol what the fuck , can we tone down the conor hype at least a little bit ? shits getting ridiculous , there 's no way he finishes nick . 	nick has a head like a fucking cinder block , yeah . 
size of those hands and the knuckles is really what is crazy . i have skinny hands and wrists , u notice in grappling that having bigger hands and wrists helps a lot in grappling 	not just grappling , either . i 've got decently heavy hands for my size , but i really have to watch my wrists . 
yea lol , holy shit . 	haha lol , agreed , what the fuck 
when i saw mcgregor in person the size of his hands and arms are really noticeable , definitely built for fighting 	i used to compete in powerlifting competitions pretty regularly , and i noticed the regardless of the weight class they competed in the freakishly strong guys always had huge bear paws for hands . 
when i saw mcgregor in person the size of his hands and arms are really noticeable , definitely built for fighting 	his dick is so big he needs over sized hands and arms just to handle it . 
how limited are the retail versions of stuff like this ? 	probably not that limited , as long as your store orders it you should be fine . this is basically what happened with the giant man con ex , except a lot sooner .     
oh my gosh a summoner weapon ! genius ! needs to be in the next game ! 	is n't this basically what the insect glaive is in a way ? 
put a khezu in and i 'd be willing to learn the hammer . 	you could use the khezu hammer . it has a cage on it with a mystery inside 
no way he ditches his kids . i refuse to believe that he would do that . 	i doubt he 'd ditch them either . but he does n't have to go back to nyc and advertising in order to not ditch them . 
are you available to pick this egg up soon ? 	sorry , i have n't been home for a few days and do n't have the right cartridge with me . if you want rid of it though i can take it now on my other game and i 'll just move it over later . 
just went out to eat . how long will you be on tonight ? 	i got 5 hours left before i 'm off for the night . 
the door is open . 	from what it looks like , the hinge gap will get bigger when it closes . 
well , you americans were n't lying about the gaps at the side of the stalls . 	the door is open . 
well , you americans were n't lying about the gaps at the side of the stalls . 	it 's in case we need to high five our poop neighbor to congratulate then on a clean break or a particularly impressive fart 
he was at home plate ! i took a pic with him , but the moron dodger fan that took it took a terrible photo . 	dodger fan at a giants game in houston ? 
chill dude , no ones saying you 're not good at football , just that from your post you do n't know so much about malcolm butler 	you know what a question mark means right ?  it was a question . i did n't say i knew the answer .  that was a shit comment and was not cool .  sorry bro . 
haha i do n't know it that well , i just remember it from my playthrough xd 	that 's awesome , i am hoping they dig a bit into the lore of elves past and such . i would love to learn more about their history . 
thanks , this really helps . i never thought to see the culture and people as separate things . 	kind of hard to have a culture when its illegal though . that 's why you have to resort to dodgy cruising practices . 
anyone know where i could find a case of india beer ? 	mill woods : liquor xs , maybe crown liquor , boss liquor 
i have n't heard that before , but i tend to go there for the crush pops anyway . 	well , it was just something i heard second - hand . i take it with a grain of salt . thank you for the lead ! 
i was at that mary browns a couple weeks ago looking for that pineapple crush and could n't find it ! are you saying it is in that little side area with the ice cream ? 	that 's exactly where it is ! they have a cooler there in the corner . 
i know this lady ! almost 7 years ago i worked at the radioshack on lamar and collins and she would bounce in and talk to us . she always needed us to test batteries and fix her portable radio . 	if you live in north a . you know this lady . that 's a great story . thanks ! 
you can steal one with any character and save it in their garage . 	i meant for gta : online . that was my bad for not specifying . 
was that from the match in question ? i 'm no soccer buff , or even a fan , but that guy hitting the deck looks so fake . 	that 's the last goal that sealed it at 2 - 3 after the opponent scored less than a minute prior 
a high score does n't make a sport better , it 's actually why i ca n't understand basketball . the points almost mean nothing 	exactly how i feel . scoring actually means something . 
sometimes only an exact score can benefit both teams . most leagues have goal score as a tiebreaker . 	i agree on that case . that would fall under having a ton of players participating and being obvious . 
is it normal that football matches are fixed ? not really a football fan but this seems like huge controversial news . 	it happens mostly in lower league with less coverage .   
nope . he 's not even particularly fast for a human at least in his world . 	then he might not be quick enough to deal with the quickness that is sun wukong . 
i like this one . does n't the built - in metallic drip tip get hot though if you 're chain vaping ? 	yeah sometimes if im vaping at a high wattage and really chaining . but the fact the atty has so many heatsinks tends to keep it pretty cool for the most part . 
lots of room in it , moves a shitload of air . i love mine . 	i have an authentic , but am kind of pissed it did n't come with a wide bore drip tip . i ordered the clone just so i could have one . 
and pre heat edit : and clean ! 	i did both , but my toothbrush is pretty dirty i may need to get a new one . 
please do n't compare arsenal to barcelona . 	it 's not like the play style is far off . i mean they are by far a better team , but they are similar in some aspects . 
do you have some examples of good keyboards and mouse ? 	keyboard corsair vengeance k70 is highly liked by alot .  mouse is all dependent on the person but razer deathadder is always nice pick 
wired or wireless ? 	op is wired .  on the ps4 were it says nat type is a type 2 that means op is using a modem connected to a router connected to the console all via ethernet cables . 
try the grand bar at the stamford . always busy on weekends , not too sure about a monday night though 	thanks for the reply , we just walked in and out . 1 person in the bar and they said they are closing at 12 : 30 . onward to the city i think now ! 
can we just discuss waynes verse real quick . unbelievable 	i was shocked by how good it was . best flow i 've heard from him in years . 
he 's certainly not for everyone but come on there are some pretty damn good tracks on trap lord . 	he 's got good beats but man , that cd annoyed the shit out of me on like the second listen . his voice is one of the worst in rap and rocky is smart not putting him on a track . 
that would actually be a fire line . 	for real . and you just no that tracks gonna be on some ignorant shit just thinking about it 's getting me aroused 
no detox ? that shit was fire  	dude . relapse 3 by eminem man . do n't even get me started . 
he 's got good beats but man , that cd annoyed the shit out of me on like the second listen . his voice is one of the worst in rap and rocky is smart not putting him on a track . 	that 's your opinion dude . a lot of people really like his bars and the way he delivers them 
max b might be my favorite track so far even though its so hard to pick one , the whole album is fire 	max b is an incredible track . off 1 listen that and canal st . are my favorites . 
can we just discuss waynes verse real quick . unbelievable 	makes me hype for carter v if it ever comes . 
i 'm stoked that bones 'name is on the album and that rocky sounded dope over the beat , but man am i let down that he did n't get a legit feature .   	i do n't understand the motive , did bones pay rocky a shit ton of money to be on the album ? did rocky literally fly him out just to redo one of his songs ? it makes no sense . 
how do you get the album artwork ? i know you can right click and choose get artwork but that does n't work for some albums i 've downloaded 	right click , get info , artwork , drag and drop the picture in the space 
you mean lake texas ? 	central texas . bell county area . 
the album literally came out 1 hour ago . 	go back to hhh if you wanna whine about people discussing music after it leaks which is , you know , the point of this place . ffs reddit is full of dumbasses 
you know the sample at the end of jukebox joints ? its some madlib dilla shit i cant remember 	i do n't know , man , sorry 
this is fire , is his other stuff like this ? what should i check out by him 	check out his garbage tape . that his most cohesive work . 
can we just discuss waynes verse real quick . unbelievable 	fucking yes , my jaw dropped . he definitely brought it , his flow gets so sick about halfway through 
it 's legit . but i love the original art the more i see it 	see , i 'm not the same . it does n't make sense to me . i 'm trying to picture what is what , but it 's too hard . for sure replacing this as the album cover . 
you played for dance gavin dance you ca n't call me a tool 	great response man ! 
sorry about your learning disability , i have a retarded cousin so i know how these things can go . 	i see the retardation runs in the family . i 'm sorry . 
devil in a new dress often considered one of the best songs off my beautiful dark twisted fantasy . 	every song off mbdtf is often considered one of the best . there is n't a bad song on that album . 
you mean lake texas ? 	threw my sea - doo over my second story and was ghost 
not with your own money unless you are wealthy .  it is useful but the basic package is enough . even then , it would kill me to pay that from my pocket . then again i 'm poor and cheap 	all of the packages are expensive . i just thought that if the costs are justifiable i would n't mind . 
multiple wedding events also happens to you if you 're desi . i know someone who had 5 between 2 marriages . 	i 'm a bridesmaid for my brown girlfriend this weekend , and throughout the past month she 's had like 3 ceremonies already ! 
if its newegg , it 'll be sent to you in an e - mail the moment your card ships . 	it was ncix . i just received my witcher 3 code , waiting on arkham knight . will that one be sent when the game drops ? i was hoping for preorder bonuses . 
thats actually a great little signing . completely underrated player in my book .   	in my opinion , he is the type of player a promoted team needs - a good , consistent one who will work for the team . 
i 'm not even going to check , or hold my breath , but i hope this got taken down . 	certainly not . half the subreddit is crap like this right now . 
i ca n't think of a source off the top of my head , but i think it 's safe to accept that it 's not just a myth about ebony but is actually true . 	i 've still got to be skeptical . there 's nothing besides what amounts to myth and legends to suggest it 's anything other than metal - ish volcanic glass . 
i 've still got to be skeptical . there 's nothing besides what amounts to myth and legends to suggest it 's anything other than metal - ish volcanic glass . 	that 's pretty much what you get in the elder scrolls . what else do you want , science ? that died with the dwarves . he 'll even the things you do in the games just become myth and legend . 
the pos could n't have done it , or gone as far , without ant . 	if it was n't for that pos anthony would most likely still be installing air conditioning ducts . their relationship was mutually beneficial . 
so the drop is n't the one that sonny played at hangout fest ? : c 	i know this the drop sonny played at skrillex x google video for his android phone cases . 
ate my own shit . 	had a situation like this once , except it was my sister forcing me to eat her shit  
that kid will be a fan for life . something that simple goes a long way . makes you wonder why some choose to be assholes . 	the world is full of assholes . some just happen to be really talented . 
and he 's been on fire lately at the plate . hard to hate this guy . 	as a cards fan , i find it impossible to hate the guy . 
and he 's been on fire lately at the plate . hard to hate this guy . 	there was a really great bp article about his slump and the adjustments he makes . i 'd post it but i think it 's a paywall article . 
oh man that hurt me . get well soon ! 	thanks for the kind words ! i start physical therapy tomorrow so that should be pleasant . 
because some people play matches for fun , not just to increase their ranks . 	what , you think continuing a match with an already fucked up score against a team with a bot is fun ? 
how is that bad ? if the other team beat the hacker , why should their win get removed ?  and if you lost with a hacker on your team , it 's not that unfair for that loss to stick either 	where did i write that it 's bad ? i 'm only stating facts here , please learn to read before using reddit . 
that 's very true , except the cheater is now gone , and the team that was against the cheater gets and advantage in the form of a four - man enemy team with a bot . 	yeah but i dont think its hard to close out a 15 - 0 game . 
but if there is a cheater its no fun . 	that 's very true , except the cheater is now gone , and the team that was against the cheater gets and advantage in the form of a four - man enemy team with a bot . 
the 2nd one is wrong , it only counts as a loss if the hacker was in a party with you 	it does n't even count at all if he is in a party with you . 
removing mandatory voting would most likely hurt the major parties the most . 	how so ? the major parties have the highest primary vote . 
it did n't hurt the democrats or republicans in the us . just the democratic process 	what democratic process ?  the us is a rigged 2 - party system , 3rd parties do n't , and will never have a chance . 
i do n't mind spending the money , i think it 's worth it i guess i just want to ask if the youtube video are missing some quality from the sound . 	they limit the dynamic range of your output , making louder sounds more even with light playing . really awesome for finger playing and tapping , or overall to level out your sound . 
i still want good weapons that are blunt and orange or purple . 	why would you realistically expect a blunt weapon to be as good as a sword ? that 's like complaining that a bow and arrow is n't as good as a gun . 
a mace to the face will kill a person too . we arent trying to master th e art of combat , i just want to bash zombies in with a sledgehammer 	then use the sledgehammer . it 'll kill the zombies well enough . but saying that a blunt weapon is just as good as a sword is just laughable . 
i was prescribed medication i think . i was gunna head to the clinic soon and retrieve medical records . 	have you stopped taking the medication ? if so , how long has it been since you have been off of it ? 
surely it 's good that the players are getting some game time rather than sitting in our reserves ? 	they 're not going to learn much playing in the scottish second tier . 
op understood it wrong . it 's not about gay men , but about gay women . they limit number of gay women in one team , which is imo even more crazy . 	what is even the point ? 
and any time the top female pros play the top male pros , they get wrecked . 	you actually watch pool to know this is true ? 
what exactly is the advantage that a lesbian female has over a straight female ?  and if this is all female , what is the difference between lesbian and gay ? 	lesbian powers . only strict lesbians get them , no bi or pan . its largely a secret , they do n't tell anyone . makes them very good at playing lol . 
someone who wants to give their pr department a heart attack . 	i think they 're just weeping silently in the corner at this point . 
well , that 's stupid . that 's really stupid . what kind of idiot could come up with such rules . 	someone who wants to give their pr department a heart attack . 
why even make the australian flag what it is now instead of just flying the union jack by itself forever ? people change , identities change , people seek new representations of themselves . 	well , i think australia has more important things to worry about than their flag , but if the aussies want to change it , go ahead . 
i 'm not australian , but all of those designs look terrible . why change it ? it 's part of australian history now , how many men and women died for that flag ? 	why even make the australian flag what it is now instead of just flying the union jack by itself forever ? people change , identities change , people seek new representations of themselves . 
is this going to be a mod ? because i 'd play the shit out of that . 	yep .  civ 5 . all the way .  most likely what i 'll end up doing is releasing little faction packs in the first place , than work on putting them all together into a single total conversion . 
reading grrm 's a song of ice and fire series . 	how i did not think of the tv show of asoiaf , game of thrones , in my list is actually beyond me , let me edit that real quick and thank you . 
it 's part of sotfs , iirc . it supposedly adds a effect of burning a effigy automatically once you beat the area boss . i think you can undo the effect manually though . 	indeed , you can undo the effects of the effigy or of the boss being dead at the bonfire . 
last year 500 of us were louder than 20 , 000 of you . this year we 'll have 1000 . our hit towels will block out the sun ! 	yea , you guys are always awesome . its pretty sad on our part . 
the fx were very , very good . the audio quality brought everything down a peg though . 	thanks for your feedback ! i 'll focus on my audio next video 
i do this every week . i can watch lu on the tv and then catch nxt on demand . wednesdays are fun ! 	thursday in my part of the world ! best night for wrestling ! 
sounds like an excuse for ms . bell to be photographed doing something . 	really ?  who did you want to sign it ? or should they have done it secretly ? 
lol , i do n't care who signs it as long as i do n't have to pay social security in two countries anymore . 	actually us citizens living abroad could request exemption , this is more a win for the us state , since now they will have to pay to the us , no matter is if they live here . 
i have n't seen a car fall on anyone as yet but my old boss told he has and the sump hit the guys chest . the guys ribs were fractured and they went snap , snap , snap . he survived ok . 	a neighbor of mine who is a mechanic had a friend die under a car that was not jacked properly . it is not common , but it happens and it is never worth the risk . 
i have n't seen a car fall on anyone as yet but my old boss told he has and the sump hit the guys chest . the guys ribs were fractured and they went snap , snap , snap . he survived ok . 	my dad had a friend die to a car falling on them . it happens . 
is this one of those new models with the invisible front differential ? 	confirmed . he is in the process of converting it . live axle is underneath now . 
they could have at least put the tires under the frame , which would allow some clearance to crawl out in case of crash . but they were probably using the wheels as benches . 	i have n't seen a car fall on anyone as yet but my old boss told he has and the sump hit the guys chest . the guys ribs were fractured and they went snap , snap , snap . he survived ok . 
oh , the trail with houses all around it ? this is in a housing developments back yard . 	oh wow . yep . you 're totally right . i see them in the background now , i thought it was just a wooded area . 
my dad had a friend die to a car falling on them . it happens . 	yer , bad memories , not fair . sorry . 
all of these players should be on a high school edition of key and peele 's east v . west bowl 	none of these names sound real . 
he 's pretty much telling him that the way he is running his channel is wrong and that he 's only allowed to make a single kind of video . i think his response is warranted . 	he was giving him advice , he never told him he had to do anything . it was a respectfully worded comment imo . this mote plox guy 's reply was way over the top . 
its been happening a lot for me . i 'm glad it has a pretty good save system otherwise i would not be playing this . very cool game though . 	yup agreed . great game though .  the developer said in another thread that they hope to have it patched asap . submitting it to sony by sunday . 
there 's a link to a picture of him dead in his coffin . that does n't qualify as nsfw ? 	no there 's not ?  edit : you have to click another link in the article to see him in the coffin . you can still read the article without clicking on the link . 
well , he asked to be called leaf since his siblings all had nature based names . 	would be kind of funny if one day he decides he wants everyone to call him leaf again joaquin phoenix just has such a ring to it , i dont think i could see myself calling him anything else 
you 're getting downvoted , but i came here to see how people responded to this one , cause the other post sure was full of comments about how celebrity posts suck .  i 'm confused as well . 	this is interesting background info on an event that was a big deal at the time .  the other simply stated that two actors are atheists .  do you honestly not see a difference ? 
for real ? man that 's fucking tragic . i love john and his music , if that 's true i wonder how he feels about that . 	i ca n't even imagine , i hope john does n't blame himself . 
you call it a useless piece of trivia . i and others thought it was a pretty big deal when it happened . 	he also died 22 years ago . there might be people who have been born since then that have no idea who he was . 
so ? he decided to use that drug in an irresponsible way ; and unfortunately he paid the price . 	so it 's generally seen as not cool to give drugs to people who should n't have them in the first place .  welcome to taking responsibility for your actions and being an adult . 
so it 's generally seen as not cool to give drugs to people who should n't have them in the first place .  welcome to taking responsibility for your actions and being an adult . 	one drug addict gave drugs to another drug addict . that is literally how it works . 
okay fuck you guys i 'm not reading anymore 	are you not entertained ? 
one drug addict gave drugs to another drug addict . that is literally how it works . 	which does n't somehow make it less your fault . if you know someone has an alcohol problem , do you hand them a bottle of scotch ? not unless you 're an asshole . 
the bouncer could have made the call could he not ? 	before cell phones and all that , maybe he was tending to him and asking the people standing around watching to go and call . 
i ca n't even imagine , i hope john does n't blame himself . 	i mean , he did give him the drugs he odd on 
best stephen king adaptation they 've made , river was awesome in it 	hold on now . the green mile and stand by me can duke it our for second place , but the shawshank redemption is the pinnacle of king 's movies . 
best city in america . hard one to get a handle on with a short visit though . 	i 've lived in socal my whole life and end up going to some part of la a few times a year . not even close to the best . 
also , river phoenix was joaquin phoenix 's brother for those who didnt know 	 joaquin phoenix 's is an actor .   
well , he asked to be called leaf since his siblings all had nature based names . 	their grandfather was named sap , and it was a thing among the kids to call him an old sap ! until he was eaten alive by a bear . 
their grandfather was named sap , and it was a thing among the kids to call him an old sap ! until he was eaten alive by a bear . 	classic sap . 
viper club . it was a super hip hangout for hollywood party people . someone else was there when he died , ca n't remember who right now but it was someone notable . 	johnny depp was inside , playing guitar on stage with oasis . they were singing a song they wrote about river phoenix as a joke , not knowing he was dying right outside . 
stop . counting . your . fucking . downvotes . 	i dont care about downvotes for my opinion , but it 's a little frustrating when i post a fact 
i mean , he did give him the drugs he odd on 	so if i got alcohol poisoning should the random dude i bought all the alcohol from at the liquor store feel bad ?  people make their own decisions and should know how to use drugs responsibly . 
for many people , church plays a strong social and community role . i 'm not saying obama is an atheist . just that i do n't see church attendance as compelling evidence that he 's not . 	what about him saying it ? being raised that way , never doing a single thing in his entire life to indicate it 's not true ?   
skates do not have bones . their closest relatives in the animal kingdom are the sharks , which also do not have any bones . both of their skeletons are comprised solely of cartilage 	then wtf is a shark 's jaw made out of ? looks like bone to me . 
the horse is dead . dead . 	must 've died from measles , because it was n't vaccinated . 
there 's no mercury in it any more . 	i do n't think most are getting that this is a thermometer reference . 
what is the itt tech of online technical schools ? 	some other school . 
i think you 're confusing star wars and dune 	but jabba the hutt put a bounty on han 's head for dumping the spice he was smuggling for him . 
imitation is the sincerest form of flattery . i do n't think it 's meant to belittle freddie mercury 's contribution to music . 	from what i understand , freddie was a bit of a diva and would probably be glad that we 're all still arguing about how amazing he was . 
you might enjoy the dresden files series ! 	i tried these and just could n't really get into them . i hard they get better by the third or fourth book but i did n't enjoy it enough to continue . 
god , you younger people just do n't get it . getting fired from a simpleton job is not alpha , it 's what losers do . 	it 's better to be a loser than a chump . 
just a bad break , might work out for the best long - term though .  should n't have admitted to saying anything . 	oh my god . it 's been said so much , i feel stupid for being honest about it . super shitty that i did n't think about it . and next time i will exercise my plausible deniability . 
yeah , be a silent drone because work is a no - life zone . just like everywhere else except sleep . not allowed to live , gotta not be fired . better to walk like a living dead than get fired . 	or find a better job in a better atmosphere . 
if you work in a bar you ca n't be sensitive and shy . did she tell him off firmly ? and if that did n't work did you tell him off ? 	yes , she told him off multiple times , and when that did n't work , she went to management . no , i did n't go to the bar to talk to the kitchen prep guy - we 're talking about a grown woman . 
valve is the only entity that can confirm hl3 . any other source is either speculation or trolling . 	i would prefer that valve just focus more on dota 2 . we are still missing heroes from dota years later . 
melee is not an option right now in caves but you can raid those little places if you have c4 .  i think you can also raid them if you use a gun but i 'm not sure . 	yes , he 's saying that in the video . you can only shoot to break the walls .  edit : he did n't say anything about c4 
guess the truth is n't popular ! lol 	i 'm 25 and people on here say i like dad - rock . i do n't even know what the fuck that is . 
can anyone explain what industrial rock is ? 	nine inch nails would be one of the major bands in that genre , if that helps . 
glam rock is missing , but yeah , glam rock . 	do you wear a costume every time you play ? 
do you wear a costume every time you play ? 	i laughed at this , i get that glam is usually stylized by the costumes , but no , i just play a lot of t . rex and glam era david bowie . 
black hole theories . i 'm really into black hole theories . and you ? 	one things for sure , i do n't know nearly enough about black hole theories . is there one theory that stands out above the others ? 
and maybe comment on other posts ? there 's tons of discussion and drama you 're otherwise missing out on 	oh yeah , definitely . i used to comment a lot actually . just have n't been active on the sub recently . 
or , the even more punny connecticut . 	ct resident here . your 's is more likely 
nice to see someone else going to that event i 'm gonna be there to and its gonna be my first scenario game . op i also gave u a like . 	feel free to hit me up as well if you need help at the game . my team does a new player orientation on friday nights as well . 
lol and i just bought an episode yesterday for full price . oh well , i finished it today so i guess i 'll buy a full season ! 	yes but you are supporting big finish to make more when you buy for them so it is all worth it . 
fantastic ! next up , restore those headlights to crystal clear ! 	i definitely agree . the paint job looks gorgeous . once those lenses are clean it 'll look brand new ! 
are you looking for general information on what you can carry or automatic specifically ? 	i 'm mostly looking for the general information , but info on the legality of automatics would be great too . 
i live in western pa and i 've always heard that length does n't matter but i 'm not entirely sure about pittsburgh . when i go to pittsburgh i try to keep it under 3 . 	that seems like a good rule to go by to stay outta trouble . thanks for your input . 
yeah i can do that from a no set on the 1 . 5 . i just got the two but i am about an 8th of an inch from closing it on a no set . i can probably grind it from the set you did though . 	that 's awesome !  how long have you been training grip by the way ? 
it 's 11pm here . new zealand . too early to sleep . 	11am , eastern europe  time to finally get out of bed 
funny thing is , the bible says to obey those in power . 	right , so moore should listen to the supreme court . 
yeah there 's a vid on his personal channel . it was about a month or two ago . 	he made it private because he figured enough people know by now . 
wtf are you talking about it 's not mgtow here , it 's rp . you can have game and go pickup girl at a club , just value yourself better then anyone else . 	i 'm not implying mgtow . i 'm implying you should live your life in such a way where the girl comes to you , not you going to her . 
before obama became president ? 	note i said , almost 10 . i remember it was 2008 it started going around - but the one with the abe lincoln beard was going around even in 2006 when i was in 9th grade . 
hate to admit it but i once bleached the red thing and managed to get it repaired . also , did n't realise motorola still make phones ! 	check out the moto x , it 's a really cool phone . 
how am i supposed to call in if my phone does n't work ? : p 	haha we usually call if they do n't have a landline to call from home . 
alright also is the mod suppose to install this slowly ? its only 2 gigs but its taking a very long time for being so little . 	yeah , its pretty slow but it does download , although for the installation you are going to want to manually choose where your game folder is or else it does n't install correctly . 
i mean on an application form , when they ask for my gender . sorry for the poor wording ! i 'll edit the original question . 	i 'm still confused . no application should ask for gender . what country are you in , and what type of job is this ? 
biggest talent to come out of our academy in god knows how long and people want to sell him .  please fuck off . 	i do n't really care whose academy a player comes from as long as they can stay fit and win us games . 
do they have a twitch page ? 	i was gonna say , lots of anti - hype when the article does n't even mention a place to watch . 
yes but then courtois played in the semis against an actual tough team and got two motm performances . he 's more than earned his place to start in the final . 	did n't he also play against spurs ? 
2 blatantly bad calls back to back in the box and 2 more aggressive tackles one of which having the potential to end a career are a bit more substantial than the occasional bad call . 	it 's sad to read through this and then realise all this in only 90 minutes of football . should n't take anything away from burnley though they played very well 
please post in the trade group , and no you should not accept it . 	can u send me the link to a group i could post on ? and also why do u think its a bad trade for me ? 
i might not pass high school . 	then get off reddit and start studying right away for god 's sake ! 
my relationship is in trouble and i have no idea how to handle it and there is n't a single person i can talk to for advice . 	you can pm me if you like ? i 'll listen . 
how long did it take you ? 	i did n't really keep track , and i worked on him here and there over about 3 days , so probably about 5 or 6 hours , i 'd say . 
my cereal caught on fire . how do you smoke a bowl ? 	put the pipe down , youve had enough 
smoke a bowl , and lay down . or go and make some food . 	my cereal caught on fire . how do you smoke a bowl ? 
go to any bank . us bank in the cub if you want to stay on campus . 	to add to this , if you bring them in cash , you do n't need to have an account . 
the little bearded man did n't accept you there either ? 	he threw me out on my ass ! what d he do to you ? 
maybe another one with cole or k dot . or maybe nas and az on the same record . who knows . appreciate the love and support homie . 	thanks for the reply man , i would love to hear a song with you and any of those guys on it , i 'm sure it would be a hit 
i 'm putting together a grizzly city usa mixtape with my whole crew . they 're all dope mc 's to me . 	nice ! all of the gc tapes have been dope , cant wait . 
yo man , really like the ecology - what effect do you think nas has had on your career and what was it like recording with him for the album ?  wish you all the best , man . 	thank you . nas impacted the album in a really major way . even the smallest amount of advice from nas will make the biggest difference and it did on this album . peace and love . 
none at the moment . just personal collections . 	hopefully soon then . really want to add it to the collection . 
what was the biggest thing that happened in your life that really drove you to start writing ? how old were you ? 	being taken out of my mothers possession . i guess the pen and pad was my savior . around 9 years old . 
this is pretty awesome . i 'd order it too if i was a football memorabilia collector like that . 	i do n't really collect memorabilia this just seemed too good to pass up . 
guitar .  not terribly hard , but like anything it takes a lot of practice . a lot of it comes down to muscle memory and hearing what sounds good . 	i 've always wanted to learn how to play guitar , any tips on how to self teach ? 
and so begins the water wars . 	well , if anyone can lead us in the water wars , its captain reynolds . now 's your time to shine ! 
every time i see those three words i have to read them in her voice , its my cross to bear ! 	her voice will haunt me to my dying days . what the fuck was up with her delivery of that line ? 
i feel like red death is super fucking op now . i was getting wrecked last night against that thing 	i saw some gameplay of that yesterday , holy crap it melts . played with stranger 's rifle yesterday and it 's a 2 - 3 burst laser beam . 
for the past month rngesus has been taking me to bed . now with this auto nerf he decides to gift me a suros . the irony ! but i 'm still happy about it 	same here ! i got it as an atheon drop last night . and then i got a really great roll on an up for anything in the nightfall . 
are you sure it two shots ? it 's a middle pack pulse rifle . i do n't think it two shots . i have n't used it yet since the patch , but before you had to get all crits just to 3 shot someone . 	same crucible damage as red death , regardless of what the bars say apparently . 
i like auto rifles , i think they 're fun . i 'm still going to use mine , i do n't really care for hand cannons 	same . my play style makes auto - rifles and shotguns ideal . also , i 've been using abyss defiant and up for anything since the patch , and i have n't really noticed a difference . 
your suros i hardly worthless . it will still win almost every 1v1 at mid range if you have high calibur rounds on . 	totally serious - high caliber rounds do extra damage in pvp ? 
interesting . i have noticed it takes longer to kill but i usually use angles to kill so it hasnt much that much of a problem . thanks for your feedback . 	once you start to play good players and get in one on one head to head gun fights is when you really notice the difference . 
i wonder if the three little words i just rolled with glass half full can one burst someone . havent upgraded the perk yet . soon my precious . so very soon . 	3 little words is not great because of the very low rate of fire in my opinion . you get killed in one on ones unless you get a good jump on them . 
same here ! i got it as an atheon drop last night . and then i got a really great roll on an up for anything in the nightfall . 	i got suros from the gorgon chest last night . i 'm still fucking excited , i was using it on mars patrol and did n't have any issues killing shit without a single perk unlocked . 
same crucible damage as red death , regardless of what the bars say apparently . 	must have gotten changed specifically because it used to do a lot less than red death . 
bungie 's biggest enemy is themselves . 	yeah , good ideas take down many companies .  it is a good thing that they linked with activision , or they might not have the money to invest into destiny 2  
as an engineer myself , this made me laugh more than the other one . 	and then cry because you do n't have a job 
the stereotype you usually hear though is that old single chicks get a bunch of cats , not really anything like that for men . have you met other guys that have given up on love ? 	old men pay alimony where old women collect cats . 
a lot of those women have been through their first marriages . 	for every woman that gets divorced so does a guy . is it that older dudes are less likely to want to date ? 
also , old chicks still have that maternal desire to marry , nest , and poop out babies . they still need a guy to bankroll that lifestyle . most older man could n't care less about that racket . 	that makes even less sense , men are the ones who can have children in old age , while women 's fertility is limited . 
oh , there are plenty of younger women on online sites , but not in the same number as men . believe me , i used them for over 10 years . 	huh , i get quite a lot of attention , so i ca n't really say . 
huh , i get quite a lot of attention , so i ca n't really say . 	younger women on online sites tend to . they also do in real life , which is why many do n't bother with dating sites . 
old chicks think they can find love again , old guys have just given up . old guy who 's given up here . 	the stereotype you usually hear though is that old single chicks get a bunch of cats , not really anything like that for men . have you met other guys that have given up on love ? 
old chicks think they can find love again , old guys have just given up . old guy who 's given up here . 	also , old chicks still have that maternal desire to marry , nest , and poop out babies . they still need a guy to bankroll that lifestyle . most older man could n't care less about that racket . 
no it 's not . those are only 4 games out of the thousands available to play .  since it 's pointless , we can trade cards . you can get my r9 270x and i 'll take that card off of your hands . 	but , i did n't buy the 980 to play older games , i bought a strong ass card to play demanding ass games . fuck developers and their love for consoles . 
right but , i 'm just saying . kinda pointless having a retarded strong card if the games run like crap . 	no it 's not . those are only 4 games out of the thousands available to play .  since it 's pointless , we can trade cards . you can get my r9 270x and i 'll take that card off of your hands . 
eat some thing and take a nap , all is fine man . 	and drink a couple of glasses of water , but yeah it 's all cool . 
1 . steal people 's pets  2 . wait until they put fliers up for a reward  3 . return the pet  4 . get money not very sustainable and mean , but i can see it working 	it 's all fun and games until you steal a psychopath 's dog . 
yeah the caveat of do something you like to do is important as well . 	haha but in my experience that 's the toughest part to get right ! 
1 . buy low 2 . sell high 3 . profit 	1 , 5 . acquire weed 
lol , i figured it was either here or medina , but i think medina is actually bellevue school district . 	yeah , i do n't think medina has a public school . i believe they just go to bellevue hs , which is very very nice . 
i taught through teach for america for a few years . what i learned from those 3 years is that education is more messed up than i ever thought previously . 	yep . my sister teaches in a very affluent area near seattle and each student gets an ipad to use . i doubt they have those in compton or the south side of chicago . 
metroid prime , or luigi 's mansion . i have never played them and really want to give them a shot . 	i also have an extra lm ! 
chibi - robo . 	i loved this game . who knew being a servant robot would be so fun . 
tan desert creepers ? no thank you 	with some exceptions of course . maybe desert creepers would be cactus - colored to make them harder to tell apart from cacti . 
why skyrim ? why not any game that utilizes more realistic graphics 	i had been playing skyrim recently and it 's the first thing i thought of , and it 's a game that has plenty of other weird creatures . 
why skyrim ? why not any game that utilizes more realistic graphics 	like skyrim ? after a couple of mods , skyrim looks like real life . oh , that 's right . you ca n't modify console games . 
there was bass on st . anger ? 	that was bob rock playing bass on that album . 
i do n't know if it 's the ridiculous drop tuning played with a pick near the bridge or the tone itself but i completely agree with you , i 'm not into that bass tone either . 	thanks , it 's nice not to be alone . 
not sure with the white stripes but a lot of the black keys albums still have a studio bass player . they just are n't a part of the band . 	oh . kind of weird . 
i just dont like traveling around to kill different things . i like to sit in one spot and grind for a while . 	getting slayer up can give you monsters to kill for exp and money ! 
ive heard about bandits before . do i like just bring noted food and go to town or ? 	i know in pre - eoc you could bring noted food and sell to the shop and buy back . i am not sure if you can on here . i would personally go to the spiders because they are close and afk . 
it 'll probably drop after midnight . 	so at some time during the release date , got it . 
armored personnel carrier . basically , a less shit - your - pants version of a tank 	i just hope all the new vehicles are going to be available to buy and use in free roam . 
i 'm on the xbox one if anyone wants to team up after heists come out . 	hey i 'd be up for teaming up . send me your gamertag if you want . 
any suggestion on real food ? first year at the forest ! 	make a pasta salad before you go . it keeps well for a couple days and is nice to eat when it 's hot 
kf is a good guy . try and explain what i mentioned . he could do it or he might not . you really do n't have much leverage against him but he may realize . 	alright , i 'll try . just have to wait for a response now i guess . thanks a lot for all the comments explaining man , really appreciate it . 
you are profiting from not completing his order how is that fair ? i thought a vendor like you would be smarter and more reasonable . 	what in the world are you talking about . i refunded him because i do n't ship out of north america . read all the facts first 
stop talking please . 	kay , sorry for making a valid point 
thanks again for the tip my dude ! had a sales rep check the back and they had 2 left . i nabbed one , so one left for anyone else ! 	no prob man , glad you got one ! still hunting that little mac though lol . 
ya i saw 4 in their system heading to athens . not sure if i want to drive that 2 hours though lol . you think its worth ? 	thanks again for the tip my dude ! had a sales rep check the back and they had 2 left . i nabbed one , so one left for anyone else ! 
add back ? 	i did . sorry i accidentally put it on a different reply 
the young turks posts the most ludicrous and ridiculous media bullshit on youtube . 	it is the liberal answer to fox news . 
ignorance is frustrating period . luckily they have n't figured out that . 357 magnum was designed to punch through armor when fired from a hand gun . 	i just want to point out this guy used to deny the armenian genocide ever happened . ignorant is a little too nice to call him . 
so many anti 's seem to forget that this country was founded by liberals with guns . i lean liberal in a lot of views , but i 'm as pro - gun as it gets . 	real liberals , though . not liberals as it means today . 
ignorance is frustrating period . luckily they have n't figured out that . 357 magnum was designed to punch through armor when fired from a hand gun . 	heaven forbid they learn about . 44 magnum rounds with hard cast bullets . 
do you recommend just eating them raw ? 	most of the time i grind them in a mortar and chew on them well , this helps the effect kick in faster . but yeah you could eat them raw , 
thank you for your blunt , straightforward response . i thought i was gonna have to give one and it would n't have been nearly as nice . 	that really made me laugh . 
you posted a video of the preacher . you did n't post the tweet . theres no way anyone could of connected it . 	weird , the link i used was the page that pulled up when willis posted it , did n't realize it redirected to the youtube video . 
this is n't about religion .  p . willy is either getting married , or having a baby . 	he could do both of those and still produce at a high level . a lot of the nfl is married or have children . 
this seems like a pretty illogical question . if the hdmi port is broken and what you 're trying to use goes into said port , my guess is no . 	it 's not broken , it 's broke ! his hdmi port is all out of money . 
you know you can just connect your highways directly to the street , right ? those ramps are unnecessary . 	yes , but i only found this out way later , when i wanted to not have traffic lights in intersections : d 
i wish they didnt add the dead removal to the game . its not the job of a city to provide service for the dead beyond law enforcement reasons . 	depends where you live , my grandparents were cremated in the county run facility 
yep same here ordered mines on feb 21 and its still not here . 	i cashed out on the same date as well . saw in one reddit post that someone got it after 16 days but mine is on the 18 day . 
the hydra is better than the laser and on top of that you can call it instead of getting 4 stars . just something to note . 	although the lazer is faster and i think it 's also more maneuverable than the hydra . 
can the hydra take passengers ? thought i saw a second seat . 	no , it is single seat only . 
i go for their plastic dishes ! i have a two year old who likes to drop plates so these are great . 	yeah babies are n't great with fragile items . good thing brooms are a dollar too . 
it goes on sale pretty often . make sure u buy the base version . 	i bought the base game via kinguin ! been playing since last night and really enjoying it so far ! 
no one is saying it 's not difficult , i sure as hell ca n't do it , but the idea that this alone puts him apart from other prospects is laughable . 	i doubt that it 's this alone . i do n't think he 's playing video games and just happens to deadlift a lot . it 's probably just one thing that stands out among his athletic prowess . 
i doubt that it 's this alone . i do n't think he 's playing video games and just happens to deadlift a lot . it 's probably just one thing that stands out among his athletic prowess . 	my point is , the article makes it seems as though this video has suddenly made new offers come flying in , which i find hard to believe . 
he is a d1 level athlete - by that i mean that he has legitimate d1 offers from p5 schools 	he will be a d1 athlete in a year or two , but he isnt one now . 
you can not push a kid past his limits especially with a lift that can tear your body up if you use poor form . 	i agree , i 'm saying a lot of fault is on the coach . he should really know better . 
i 'm not following , what importance does that hold ? 	sumo is an easier lift than conventional dead lift especially for taller people . it makes up for lack of hip flexibility with a decreased rom . 
seriously . i doubt anyone that says they arent impressed could do half of that . 	it 's not terrible but i am honestly surprised the record is n't quite a bit higher . 500 for a 320 lb just does n't sound very impressive too me . 
except he isnt a d1 athlete . he is a 17 year old high school junior . 	he is a d1 level athlete - by that i mean that he has legitimate d1 offers from p5 schools 
so many people in this thread saying how unimpressive this is , and no one has pointed out the fact that he lifted it sumo style . 	i 'm not following , what importance does that hold ? 
true , i was talking about tires . did n't realize there was such a big difference . 	the same few guys usually set both , so it 's not like one is real strength and the other is fake . the strength sports are really cool - it 's amazing what the human body can do . 
physics not physiology or biology or even reading comprehension for that matter . 	when levers are larger and have thicker supports it will change things up wo n't it ? that basic physics for you . 
you brought up his age . i was pointing out that the record book shows what the pinnacle is for high school athletes . 	and im saying that just because it isnt the very best it doesnt mean its not impressive .  edit : didnt make sense . 
for the most part it was his whole back and he was rocking at the waist trying to get it up . 	yeah thats too much weight for him . when you do things like this you really have to leave your ego at the door . lower back rounding will bulge a disk and fuck you up for most of your life . 
except he isnt a d1 athlete . he is a 17 year old high school junior . 	can you not read ? 
nice collection , thanks for sharing . 	wait what resolution are the wallpapers for you ? they seem to have gone down quite a bit for me , or maybe it 's cause i 'm on mobile ?  edit : never mind , they 're fine 
it 's the giraffe helmet . 	definitely , it probably confuses players and they just forget what they 're doing . 
in my opinion , dubnyk is the best thing that 's happened to minnesota this season . kids amazing right now . 	could n't agree more , a good goalie gives our team the confidence they need to actually get some offense in , dubnyk is the only reason we might have a playoff spot this year 
i 'm not disappointed , he 's a new guy on our team , and he 's doing alright . most fans are expecting him to be a 50 goal scorer or something ridiculous , lol 	oops i stand corrected , he 's having a pretty good season . i remember when he had 2 goals in like 15 games lol . 
the complaint is probably not about the points but about him being the laziest player with an elite skill set , also he 's slow as dirt . 	ah , that makes sense , he does have a great shot and good hands , but it seems like he does n't want to take the shot and he passes it instead 
he 's looking pretty good out there lately , and i really hope he gets one , the wild need someone to get a milestone card and i want it to be vanek , haha 	have you tried totw koivu out yet ? just switched from ms stall to him on my second line and he 's a stud . hope vanek gets one to go with my mov parise i 'll fill out a whole wild line . 
i 'd love to see one too as i have his base on my team . but i could be mistaken . we 'll find out tomorrow . 	i have the a on his base , he 's a monster , but wow , i 'm thinking dubnyk is getting that potg card 
she was always one of my favorite teachers , she plays a shit ton of video games and i talk to her about civilization v during lunch if she does n't have any students . : d 	wow . sounds like a quality teacher you have there . lucky . 
it 's always nice to have one of those kinds of people in your life . 	she was always one of my favorite teachers , she plays a shit ton of video games and i talk to her about civilization v during lunch if she does n't have any students . : d 
wow . really like the glow effect here . can someone explain how its done ? 	you paint everything around her a shade or two lighter . 
you paint everything around her a shade or two lighter . 	yeah but what photo shop tool did the artist use ? 
wow . really like the glow effect here . can someone explain how its done ? 	layers of transparent paint . 
come to think of it you might just be correct there .  also i 'd say it 's because the peasant is not worth having the pleasure of sharing company with such beautiful magi treasures . 	certainly not after rejecting the girl who came to visit him every single day for the homophobe . 
i 'm in buffalo shooting a film ! grrr , wish i could take some time off . i 'd def be down for that ! have n't had a training session in two weeks . i 'll see what i can do . 	hey man the offer is open for the rest of the year ! if you 're ever around let me know ! always looking for people who wanna train 
what i mean is , how does the digging rate translate to how many diamonds are dug each time the dragons do 100 digs . 	i have no clue , i 've never looked at that code . yet . 
as someone who is a military brat i hope he has a safe deployment . what branch if you do n't mind me asking ? 	thanks ! he 's in the navy . 
we 've been discussing it lately . so far we 've just gotten the military three day park hoppers but we end up going about 12 days a year and with the food discounts it might be worth it . 	how many people are in your party ? 
thanks , i agree ! when i read it i could n't help but cry . it was really special . 	this post in general just made me cry too ! 
thanks ! he 's in the navy . 	i hope this is n't creepy or weird to ask , but are you guys stationed in san diego ? that 's where my boyfriend is ! 
i would n't say it 's gone to waste . there 's plenty of other half marathons around here . also , your body does n't degrade in running ability that fast . 	thanks for the encouragement ! i guess i knew that already , but it always helps to hear it from someone else . 
winter was too cold . did n't train . 	if you 're thinking about a half , the thanksgiving one is a nice course and you do n't have to start training until august ! 
running the full . hard course , but one of my favorites . the last 8 miles are ridiculously tough for a city based marathon . 	that 's what i hear . i want to run a marathon pretty badly , but i need to heal first . 
winter was too cold . did n't train . 	marshall 's sells cheap cold weather gear 
watch your own video . the guy at the bottom shot gunned you before you landed . 	nah , that 's the person i trip mined . 
he bumped into you and you didnt straight kill him ? where 's your honor man ? 	same place i keep my lovely clean arrest record .  not worth being kicked out of professional associations for a drunk guy . 
i missed the third quarter and most of the 4th cause i was on a date . i have to say , the only thing better than harden getting 50 might just be fried alligator and shrimp . 	eh , i 'm not a huge fried gator fan . too chewy for me . the other pieces really do taste like chicken though . 
you have to be human to summon , but can be hollow to be summoned . 	yeah , i was human . i 'm still new so being invaded is a bit of a scary thought . 
is it dependent on my hardware or is it just the engine 's limits ? i have a pretty beefy computer . 	i saw no drop on my pc , odds are you wo n't either . 
what was that big stone armour guy in the undead burg , anyway ? i 'm not sure when i should fight him . 	he has one name . the rock . you 'd do well to remember it . 
food for thought , why would you get the depths key if you were n't suppose to use it .  to answer your question , go to the depths 	man i dunno . i guess the master key is throwing me off . i 've had bad experiences in the undead burg running into a big stone - like knight dude 
is it dependent on my hardware or is it just the engine 's limits ? i have a pretty beefy computer . 	no framerate drop here either , also on pc . 
if you do n't have the frame rate unlocked , sliding down ladders does no harm . dark souls just does n't act right in some regards when it 's running at more than 30 fps 	i have my game running at 60 fps , mostly for video purposes , but also because it looks better . should i avoid sliding down ladders ? 
are you using the steamworks version or games for windows live ? 	steamworks . i guess maybe i have to wait longer ? i waited around 40 seconds to be summoned . i was afraid of getting invaded , too . 
i 've heard that can cause problems with dsfix , so i generally avoid that . 	really , man . from really did n't make this game compatible with pc . 
since this is your first playthrough , go through depths , everyone should experience the main way at least once . 	will do , for sure ! i wanna experience all of it my first run through . 
i did n't think the depths were too hard in terms of what you had to kill , but i was getting lost in the sewers a lot . 	i loved that about the depths , it was like an old school dungeon crawl . on my first playthrough i accidentally fell down the shaft behind the butcher 's table and got completely lost . 
there is another way into blighttown , but you need to defeat the capra demon first i 'm afraid . 	it took me around 8 tries , but i 've beaten him . so it 's down the depths ? i opened that , but i was afraid it was a super tough area . 
will do , for sure ! i wanna experience all of it my first run through . 	bad choice , then , with master key . you 're probably going to end up seeing a lot of things out of order . 
ahaha it happens . if an area is too hard youll know . you know where to go now so your all good . next time give it a shot and if the enemies do n't die your in the wrong area 	what was that big stone armour guy in the undead burg , anyway ? i 'm not sure when i should fight him . 
man i dunno . i guess the master key is throwing me off . i 've had bad experiences in the undead burg running into a big stone - like knight dude 	ahaha it happens . if an area is too hard youll know . you know where to go now so your all good . next time give it a shot and if the enemies do n't die your in the wrong area 
really , man . from really did n't make this game compatible with pc . 	yeah , but i do n't own any consoles with dark souls on them , and recording from a pc is much much easier . 
and what about later disposal of it ? 	well even currently , you do n't just throw batteries or electronics into the garbage can .  edit : should n't . 
yes this is super annoying , especially when i am driving and do n't want to dig thru the setting and mute the navigation voice ! 	lol ok . i always hated it cause navigation lady would just start blasting away in my ear at full volume while i was navigating . 
yeah , you have to follow the little white connecting line for it stay up . kinda stupid imo , frontier should make it so that the area under that line is also considered as part of the label . 	try to click on the star first . 
is the hat switch the mini stick thingy on the joystick ? i use that for left - right and vertical thrust . 	you can set each control to do something separate in the galaxy map , without affecting the normal controls . 
may be nutrition too . are you eating enough calories , protein , carbs etc ? 	yea , i 've always eaten really healthy and i 'm eating at a surplus now 
how are you doing barbell rows , shrugs , and deadlifts if they only have a smith machine ? 	i use the olympic bar from the bench press . 
i can tell you 're a blast to work with . 	he sounds like a hard worker . i do n't have time for people that fuck around . i always have a list of shit that needs to be cleaned . 
what year was it made in do you remeber ? 	it started i 'm the mid nineties i believe and follows them over a 3 year period 
we love our tree and will defend her , sick or not !  cards can be made out of peasant skin . like books .   	aye aye ! the great oak falls with all of the grove . we will die protecting it ! 
tree 's gonna get cut down to make more trading cards .  r . i . p 	we love our tree and will defend her , sick or not !  cards can be made out of peasant skin . like books .   
sure ! peasant skin much more valuable for those collectible cards and less susceptible to book rats . you think anything that good will be made from sick tree wood ? 	i 'll be happy to donate your skin for the making of these cards . 
sickle strikes me as more fitting for sif , being a grain goddess . 	are you saying that the soviet flag was actually celebrating thor and sif ? 
i have a feeling that crown plaza hotel restaurant in auburn hills 'is going to be full of lurking fatties from this site ordering chicken wings .   	who does n't like chicken wings ? and they 're usually expensive , so if i can score a good deal , so much the better . alas , i am no where near auburn hills . 
no , she is n't that kind of character , and i ca n't imagine someone doing that to her . 	did she say if the message came from your cell , your landline or another number ? 
still have n't started hrt . it 's mostly because there is nothing that makes me happy . i decided not to go on hrt because i knew i was going to end it soon . 	well whats left to lose by trying hormones for a year ? 
if you ca n't move it all together , i 'd love to buy the whip and trays off of you . 	nah i 'm looking to sell it as a whole . 
this is the first time we 've had this particular group of four , right ? it 's a pretty good combo . 	i think jeremy is great with any of the main 6 . him and lindsay are the best , imo , of build team . 
oh my god , i do n't think he 's ever annoyed me . but just making that sound and not singing the whole bit was terrible 	singing the whole bit ? is it part of a song ? what song ? 
oh boy . 360p , mid video ads and jeremy . the cry babies are going to love this ! 	i think most people actually like jeremy . i never see too much complaining about him . 
is there a point in the video where geoff stops making that noise ? 	oh my god , i do n't think he 's ever annoyed me . but just making that sound and not singing the whole bit was terrible 
oh boy . 360p , mid video ads and jeremy . the cry babies are going to love this ! 	i see more people complaining about how people are going to be complaining about matt and jeremy than i see people complaining about matt and jeremy . 
oh my god , i do n't think he 's ever annoyed me . but just making that sound and not singing the whole bit was terrible 	this and one of the far cry 3 let 's plays are the only ones where geoff has been annoying i think , which probably makes it even more jarring . 
but i am a guy and i care about my glutes . my last routine even had a glute day . 	well girls love some ass on their man . 
absolutely correct . i have no personality that 's why i lift weights ! 	me too dude , me too . i pull more than any of my friends , and i am a total piece of shit in nearly every way . 
dont play it .   	well i believe what he 's saying is that the host of the game picks it and he has no choice but to play it or wait 15 minutes for another pvp lobby . 
do you have adblock ? those pauses are where ads should be . 	you will also get those pauses if you are watching a podcast on the youtube app on xbox . 
this should end well . let 's see who can ride this obvious bubble .   	exactly . sec rules exist out of necessity . 
if you ca n't afford to lose it , then do n't invest it in a startup . - that 's made pretty obvious by every responsible investment platform . 	it 's clear that you have a vested interest in flogging this stuff , but recognize that the world consists of more than just rational investors and credible investment platforms . 
it 's clear that you have a vested interest in flogging this stuff , but recognize that the world consists of more than just rational investors and credible investment platforms . 	fair point . so any suggestions on things that we should do to protect investors ? 
it 's a line from the financial crisis inquire report from the housing crisis . 	i 'll take your word for it 
that and the zentorno have the best acceleration . the adder is way overpriced for online . it 's worth maybe half what it 's priced at . 	and it does n't even look good compared to other supers 
damn cj , all you had to do was get on the train ! 	fuck you ! 
the worst is when i lose the cops from sight and i 'm going to my garage to escape , then right as i 'm about to get there a cop spawns right in front of my garage ! wtf 	yeah that 's annoying alright . same thing happens when going to the mod shop . damn cops . why ca n't they just let us break the law in peace ? 
yeah . the game is designed to endlessly spawn cops if you drive straight lines . it 's super easy to ditch them if you drive like you 're in a maze . 	all you have to do is drive up any mountain . i just wish i could catch an adder when i 'm driving a cop car . 
gta5 races - just hope that the people ramming the shit out of other cars do n't hit you so you can get first place . 	while we are ranting : does every fuckin race have to be super cars ? 
there is no such height . i 've been at the top of the map and they 've spawned next to me up there . 	are you playing on next gen or previous gen ? i managed to lose all my wanted stars and peacefully steal the jet that way . i was playing on my ps3 . or maybe it was just an update .   
and if they tap your bumper you skid out . 	well then why do you let then that close ? also , if they hit you dead on , it gives you a boost . just saying . 
honestly it was the congrats at the beginning that made it dickish . if you took that out it would n't be bad . 	that was a sincere congratulations though . i may have missed the fact that he was making a joke , just as people have missed the fact that it was a sincere congrats . 
i have that and know why , i drive like ryan gosling in drive that 's why . 	i blast tokyo drift music and spin around a lot . 
there are choppers and shit . making the cars as fast as any car they are chasing is just lazy . 	having something chase you and try to make you lose control as you run through traffic is a lot more fun than just a copter shooting you . 
or you can just fly too high for the helicopters to see yoy . 	there is no such height . i 've been at the top of the map and they 've spawned next to me up there . 
when did the ottomans become middle eastern ? 	bout the time it owned what 's now the middle east . 
it 's been abused by attention whores to the point that it is laughable . 	pretty shitty reason to joke about people 's life threatening addictions . but fuck it ! 
i still wish they 'd bring back all the san andreas mechanics like leveling different stats and changing your character over time . 	that 'd be pretty cool . honestly the only thing i 'm really disappointed did n't return is the jetpack . god i want the jetpack . 
having something chase you and try to make you lose control as you run through traffic is a lot more fun than just a copter shooting you . 	so in your mind , roads , pedestrian drivers and building all have zero effect on you fleeing . hmmm . also , road blocks do n't real ? 
to be fair you just hate us all . 	that is true ! 
having something chase you and try to make you lose control as you run through traffic is a lot more fun than just a copter shooting you . 	it 's fun when you first buy the game . then you move on to other shit and they just become fucking pests . 
why is that ? not enough straight road ? are you taking about online out single player ? 	yes , not enough straight road . the adder at its current state ca n't reach top speeds in the city or rural areas of los santos because the map is n't big enough . 
the more i hear about this game the more glad i am that i did n't pre - purchase it . 	do n't get me wrong , it 's my favorite game . i keep buying new games for my ps4 , and i end up playing gtav every night . 
i fly in the cop car i dunno what you mean . 	same , those bastards haul ass . though it does piss me off how much faster they get once you hit 3 stars . 
this is extremely irritating for me not just as a leo but as someone who does n't want to dodge these flying missiles coming down the road trying to kill me because i stole a pick - up truck . 	i 'm sorry , as a low earth orbit , how is the hubble treating you ? 
so in your mind , roads , pedestrian drivers and building all have zero effect on you fleeing . hmmm . also , road blocks do n't real ? 	get on bike , drive down centre of road , instant escape every time 
dude just shut up already . it 's for ur own good trust 	no . if people are saying stuff to me that i want to respond to i 'll respond to it . i would n't want people to continue thinking i give a fuck about my precious internet points . 
i sound like a prick because i explained that the driving stat means nothing ? ok . 	there is a big difference between explaining why a pro racer stat is n't necessarily an analog to driving skill , and being a dick . 
the police in this game are just too much . i 'd play it more if they were n't so ridiculous . i can get away and all but they 're annoying . 	well , true .  but i love getting away from the police , it is hard and fun .  but when the police drive into you and suddenly they are shooting and chasing you then it gets annoying haha . 
you 're that guy , are n't you ? 	yeah . the guy who did n't get a simple reference and apparently angered a lot of people by doing so . 
to be fair , it would be boring if you could run away so easily . 	there are choppers and shit . making the cars as fast as any car they are chasing is just lazy . 
it 's been proven that police cars do n't have to even pit you , if they touch your bumper even a bit your wheels will change direction . 	i could just be imagining things , but i seem to recall that i could avoid this by letting up on the accelerator just before i was going to get hit . 
i wish the motorcycle wheelies were the same as san andreas . i used to love riding long wheelies and breaking my record . sure you can pop a wheelie in gtav , but it 's not the same at all . 	san andreas was just overall an amazing game .  the hd mod really breathes some life back in this sweet game . 
pretty shitty reason to joke about people 's life threatening addictions . but fuck it ! 	if you have ptsd , people in the real world wo n't give you trigger warnings . thats just how society works . people ca n't read minds to cater to problems that they do n't fully understand . 
i 'm a huge fan of the kingdom armory mini samaritan . various versions available on monkey edge . if you like smaller knives you may like them too . 	i have a special edition mini - sami from monkey edge ! awesome knife . i posted it a few times . 
yeah , it 's hard enough finding one that is already made to someone 's liking that i would rather wait and get something that i can design . 	yea , i can relate . they have so many options , it 's nice to have a say in how you 'd like it to be done . hope they open up soon man . sign up to their list if you have n't already . 
haha is that really all you can say . i know chelsea play shit football but i did n't think your club was so shit you had to come here to entertain yourself . 	better than the football you play . hogging the ball to fellaini and those endless amount of crosses . 
round of 16 ? we won the league cup . 	oh you have already forgot that match with psg ? i suppose i would too , ye were shit that match ! 
depends . i used it back when i had snow leopard . but someone mentioned earlier it is not working on yosemite . 	whats the program ? 
there 's clearly a lot of facebook use in there - all that activity aligned with the area for a facebook chat window popup . 	ah , yes . i have a friend in the netherlands i use facebook to chat with . that is also where i tend to rest the pointer when reading an article because it is out of the way . 
what the fuck . it took me about 15 minutes to realize you were talking about a computer mouse and not the rodent kind . 	i 'm really disappointed - anyone have the ability to do this with animal mice ? 
you could tape pencils to their bellies and let them walk around ? 	exactly how long do you think a mouse 's legs are ? 
if it was a real mouse , it would matter . 	that is true . 
not really that beautiful , to be completely fair . it 'd at least be nice to know what you were doing at the time . this does n't tell us anything . 	i was mainly browsing the web and playing games . 
ideally the information displayed would have some significance . 	did you even read the description outside of what you quoted ? they do give meaningful data , namely how long the mouse was parked at a location . 
good idea . i will give that a try soon . 	remember to turn it off before you look up that nasty fetish tho . 
we demand a full year ! 	remindme ! 365 days 
was this on a mac ? 	pc running windows 8 . 1 , however i have this installed on my mac , although i have not used it in ages . 
whats in the bottom right and why were you resting there so often ? what is black dot vs white with ring difference ? 	that is the area i tend to rest my mouse when i am reading articles . i believe the difference in color of dots is purely aesthetic reasons . 
that is the area i tend to rest my mouse when i am reading articles . i believe the difference in color of dots is purely aesthetic reasons . 	do you mess with your bluetooth or wifi a lot ? 
do the thing ? 	1am and just going to bed . have n't found them yet , gonna check my other laptop and hard drives tomorrow evening . 
i 'm guessing you 're not using windows or perhaps we might see a higher volume of clicks and movements towards the bottom left - no ? 	i am using windows , but i keep a majority of the taskbar apps open all the time . 
all you did was make it stop .  may i suggest you do the same ? stop . stop being a dick . 	how about you stop posting on my fucking question because you did n't even answer the damn question dick cheese . shut the fuck up or i 'm using some of the suggestions on your car next 
i know right ! that 2 second notification blocking up a puny fraction of my screen , god its driving me crazy ! oh the horror , sony we need a fix immediately i ca n't go another day like this . 	theres no need to get sassy . it is a problem so stop undermining it . 
a market for your goods , and cheaper goods for your people . 	none of our countries are industrialized , we produce the same exact goods . 
what are the potential benefits to our economy if we join ? 	a market for your goods , and cheaper goods for your people . 
except when you 're not a barbarian and actually set the weight back down 	are you one of those gym managers that does n't allow people to deadlift ? 
nope . you can get discount for key if you buy 3 items . 	okay , thanks anyways : p 
could you possibly do 12 on the ft cyrex ? ; p 	nope . you can get discount for key if you buy 3 items . 
i never really got that scene either . gimli is trying to tell legolas , a master archer , how to shoot ? and he does this by knocking his bow as he 's going to shoot ? 	if i remember right , legolas just wants to fire a warning shot , and gimli somehow taps the bow and makes the shot kill the captain . 
which still doesnt make sense , when would you ever interrupt someones shot by tapping their weapon ? 	who knows ? i did n't think it made sense either . somehow gently tapping the bow turns the warning shot into a perfect kill shot . 
if i remember right , legolas just wants to fire a warning shot , and gimli somehow taps the bow and makes the shot kill the captain . 	which still doesnt make sense , when would you ever interrupt someones shot by tapping their weapon ? 
is it funny cos the kid looks dead or something ? i do n't get it . just some dude shooting an apple . 	it pans out and there 's a bunch of arrows in the kid from previous attempts . the gif cuts short on my phone too for some reason , had too watch the video someone posted 
well the drop is for a set of 4 pens , one of each size . 	problem solved : p 
no , no , no . we 're not barbarians .  i have a pantry with some room . : d 	sweet ! my favorite room in the house ! 
where are you at in texas ? 	east , near tyler . i guess dfw is the closest big city to me , but it 's still 90 miles north . 
rat terriers are great dogs ! 	yeah , my dog is great ! she 's incredibly smart and obedient . 
sweet ! my favorite room in the house ! 	it 'll help you plot your next meal ! 
i am fond the eagles and queen . i was always more into 70 's punk . 	very nice . i 'm a big queen fan . 
ah , nice . i 've been playing tomb raider on 360 lately . i like your musical choices , but it needs more classic rock . and that sounds like a great pizza . 	i am fond the eagles and queen . i was always more into 70 's punk . 
it 's a pretty cool feeling . 	ca n't wait to get there at first i was a music major but switched to marketing because of dollar signs . 
at what point will she be able to compress them ? 	as you drink the water , you squeeze the air out and put the cap on so it takes up less space in your pack . i do this all the time . 
fyi , that dr pepper chapstick is going out of business , so you may want to buy it anytime you see it if you want to hook your friend up . 	that 's exactly why this happened ! she has been freaking out and buying it off ebay . so i raided all the stores in my area ! she will be very pleased when i deliver these gems to her ! 
i 've always found gps does n't work in aeroplane mode 	i 've never had a problem with gps in airplane mode on my galaxy s4 . 
i live in california , but i 'm going to arizona . temp is from 37 at night to 78 in day this weekend . 	i do n't see a sleeping pad , but i may be missing it . you might want to consider one . insulation from the ground is key to staying warm . 
i 'm not sure how long your trip will be but maybe grab some high carb high protein bars to munch on . it will help if you are eating vegetarian . 	thank you ! good idea ! 
are you talking about getting a smaller ring in diameter ? just ask your shop and see what rings they have in stock . 	yes ! wow , that 's the word i was looking for haha . 
i 'm only gold status and i own all the games for that already . i miss the old rewards that did n't suck . 	i wanted a game from the gold status thing . are you selling your reward ? 
nade was miles better in ghosts than he was in bo2 and with three top class players with him now , i think he 's showing that he 's better now than he was last year . 	ghosts was widely accepted as having a very low skill gap though , i just flat out disagree that you think he 's better now than last year i 'm afraid . 
pick up the ice bow and leave the hammer . it is that simple . 	what about the shield ? do we grab that then start tanking ? 
i wish this was n't change in the anime , he seemed that much more epic . 	this is one of the very few times that the anime makes more sense than the manga . 
yeah , eating your own leg will do little to actually deal with starvation , the timelines are also way more realistic . 	how long were they stranded in the manga ? 
i completely agree , fuck the celestial dragons man . 	only hail the revolutionary dragon . 
someone also made their own version of battle royale for pc before the steam version came out . it 's better in my opinion 	i 'm sure it is , but i do n't think i can get a copy of it . unless you know a way . 
someone also made their own version of battle royale for pc before the steam version came out . it 's better in my opinion 	there was a 4 - player battle version but it was discontinued recently i 'm guessing so they wo n't have any more out while that pac - man arcade is going . 
terrible response . no one would ever want to pump a danny devito look - alike . fat and stupid , not surprising . 	rather pump the real thing . at least he 'd make me laugh 
something tells me you 'd be singing a different tune if it was palestinian soldiers enforcing apartheid in israel 	arab soldiers enforce apartheid across the middle east . no one minds . 
one rocket . ah ok . gotcha . 	no , that 's one example of a rocket attack . big difference . 
wonder what the us would do if mexico decided to just start moving its border north , pushing all of the americans out , killing and torturing those that refuse ? 	however , it would be like mexico winning a war with the us and annexing the entire southwest . 
glad i 'm not the only one with that problem . seems to only be a visual bug tho . 	yep , she carried it around like that until she picked up stuff from storage , then apparently got bored with it and starting rolling the wheelbarrow like a normal person . 
congrats . well on your way . you hard work for a short period paid off nicely . imagine how 30 days will pay off ? it will be amazing . you got this . 	thanks ! i have been keeping this off facebook since i do n't want to brag or shame or give someone more reason to hate me . so it stays between reddit and mfp for now . 
he is so fast leading up , absolutely brutal if we can get the ball to him quickly . also gives great forward pressure all game . he 's bloody great . 	agree and when you combine this with bud 's defensive game which is was very good this week they should worry a few teams 
why is there so much mother son sexuality today ? 	atleast it 's not on a sunday . 
i used to do the same but lube lets you get closer to the head where everything is much more sensitive . the difference is night and day . although cleanup is a lot easier with no lube . 	i was cut and i dry rub . i get all up in that head with no issues . 
why did i have to scroll down this far to find one person who can see the obvious ? is the idea of this sub that you just blatantly make shit up and everyone pretends its plausible ? 	people eat this shit up for some reason . it 's not even entertaining , especially when it 's written so poorly . 
my duck is just sitting there going limp . i ca n't be the only one who imagined op 's mum lifting up the sheets to find a dying cum stained duck ? 	i thought it was a typo at first , but now i think im ducking up by not referring to my dick like this . 
its a meme you dip ! 	salsa or guacamole ? 
i do n't understand peoples plans here . why do people wank in their bed ? do it in the washroom or some shit . god damn . 	comfort . hard to come on cold tiles or standing 
people eat this shit up for some reason . it 's not even entertaining , especially when it 's written so poorly . 	speaking of being poorly written , did anyone else think he was purposely misspelling words to fool people into believing that he 's a 15 year old whose story is real ? 
i 'm calling bullshit on your story , op . her reaction is too ridiculous . 	it 's not bull shit but feel free to think what you want 
my mum told me i was the cause of my dad 's depression , because i had a severe mental illness from their abuse 	why the fuck would you throw that on us for christ 's sakes do n't you have friends irl that would be more appropriate to talk to about that shit 
obviously , but its a perfect display of hubris as far as water is concerned . 	vegas is also right next to lake mead . 
vegas is also right next to lake mead . 	so you think vegas has sustainable water supply ? 
alright , so you might be going to a high school from the sounds of it . i 'm just telling you something that works consistently at my current school . 	im in the last 2 years of my schooling . then onto university 
also in high school , choose the subjects you enjoy . not because they give you more marks . more chance your going to get a better mark doing what you enjoy 	absolutely this . i took a digital media class and loved it , they invited me to the ap course because i was so dedicated to it . never would have taken any ap course otherwise . 
cannot wait , want to learn python though , they arnt teaching it  	python is pretty easy and acts as a good basis of programming . if you have even 30 minutes a weeks , you could easily teach yourself the basics 
adding https instead of http will give you access to all blocked sites on most school networks . proxies also work . 	proxy ? 
same here . grew up in a country who 's drinking age is 16 for non - spirits and 18 for spirits . strongly influenced my opinion on the limits . 	that policy works pretty well , in germany at least . 
i have no political preference . wish you would have had this as an option . 	and i 'm neither a conservative or a liberal . any attempt to condense political beliefs into a simple spectrum always has a million flaws , i 'm sick of seeing this sort of thing in surveys . 
lol , yeh i can crop him out if you 'd like . 	that 's not necessary . i was just making sure to draw the right people . : p 
thanks , i figured that was the answer . 	seriously , dude put up the same numbers in atlanta . thank god we 're not paying his contact now 
that makes sense , i suppose .  i 'd just have a hard time benching someone so hot .  oh well , in chip we trust . 	i 'm right there with you man , ender is my favorite player since miley was traded . i highly doubt we wont see him at some point tonight though . 
is this real life ? 	is this just fantasy ? 
i 'd say make a whole separate game for it , have the need for speed team make it . 	no , forza team . make it f1 with star wars . 
absolutely . i grew up with that stuff , and even things that were more just prequel - inspired , like kotor . it 's all one universe to me . 	kotor was my shit . i 'm a semi avid swtor player as well . 
i 'd say make a whole separate game for it , have the need for speed team make it . 	the current need for speed games are terrible . but i agree , make it a different game . just do n't use the nfs team . 
i 've found it easiest to just fast all day and finish my work , go to the gym around 6 - 7pm then come home exhausted and unwind while i eat for a few hours . sleep and repeat the next day . 	i think i 'd end up drinking like 3 pots of coffee if i tried that lol 
i think i 'd end up drinking like 3 pots of coffee if i tried that lol 	whats wrong with that ? try some green tea sometime 
i 've found it easiest to just fast all day and finish my work , go to the gym around 6 - 7pm then come home exhausted and unwind while i eat for a few hours . sleep and repeat the next day . 	can confirm this works , do the exact same thing . makes 9 - 5 life so much easier . lots of water and coffee 
private contractor and build massive structures with only my mind and the materials . 	would that not reveal your ability ? 
i feel ya . i need medication for high blood pressure because of all the salt of playing games .  why does the loch n load exist ? 	random crits are a fair and balanced part of the game . 
i do n't usually see archangel 's wrath making much of a difference , but it 's pretty cool when it does . i wish it moved faster . 	i had to learn the hard way that it goes through gates . my smug ass was still giggling about the kill , too . 
celebrity deaths . i love how people act like they know a celebrity after they die . 	joan river 's death makes me laugh since the day of everybody cared but after that no one gives a crap 
celebrity deaths . i love how people act like they know a celebrity after they die . 	i think death is pretty hilarious as long as you are n't the person who killed them , aha 
which player ? tennis is pretty easy when i played against amanda 	some woman at the tennis courts just north of the pier . i may have just got a tough one . i rage - quit and walked to the pier and rode the roller coaster to contemplate the ass - beating . lol 
the one month fee is really low just buy it ? 	i really do n't want to spend money for no reason , even if there is not a lot of money involved , still i 'm really cheap mofo : d 
it 's tennessee , thanksgiving weekend 	nah , nashville is central time . that 's the other one i checked 
or you could just plug your psu in the wall , leave it turned off , and clip your alligator on that , and put the strap around your ankle like linus does ! 	and i get it off my ankle just before installing the psu in the case ? 
that was my concern , also having no tolerance they would feel the effects at a lower level than an adult .  they 'd still have to eat a ton of them though . 	why give kids large amounts of any kind of sweets in the first place ? 
was it calculated for a child 's weight though ? 	i honestly could n't tell you , it was many years ago 
she did n't even know why she said bananas are bad for you . she just said it , then admitted she did n't know why .  i seriously want to punch this person . 	bananas have a high calorie count for a fruit but nevertheless they are hardly bad for you . it would probably be the most healthy thing it 's ever eaten ! 
bananas are wonderful for you but they actually are n't as high in potassium as we are led to believe . they are my favorite food though . i think they 're perfect . 	pls tell me you eat them ripe and spotty , i 'm tired of seeing people buy green bananas and eat them uhhhh . 
why give kids large amounts of any kind of sweets in the first place ? 	because think of the type of person that would complain publicly about that shit in the first place . just some dipshit with nothing better to do than stuff their kid with cookies . 
i appreciate what you 're trying to do here but i feel like it 's important to note that kale literally tastes like ass and no one should ever be forced to consume that poison 	are you referring to green kale ? do you like parsley ? 
ca n't beat the fat in a fat argument . 	that adipose is too hard to swim through . 
i would n't trust anyone who tells you that fruit is bad for you . 	it was never that it was bad , just that it had a lot of sugar so if you 're trying to lose weight there are better fruits to eat . they 're the candy bar of fruits . 
hmm reminds me of a few weeks ago when a ham in my psych class told me i should n't eat apples because i might get cyanide poisoning 	they 'll grasp for literally any dumb excuse as a reason to not eat healthy food lol . 
if the kid does well on the test : what a great principal the school has ! 	how they get monetary bonuses for these test scores makes me want to vomit . wtf did they do to help that student do well . 
nope , i take full responsibility . i just think it 's ironic they offered me brownies today after calling me fat yesterday . 	it is ironic , maybe they are playing a joke on you , but i would n't eat , i have a feeling they might laugh behind your back .   
nope , i take full responsibility . i just think it 's ironic they offered me brownies today after calling me fat yesterday . 	did you eat them ? were they delicious ? 
you 've been stupid for years ? 	all sense was beaten out of him as a child , unfortunately . 
wow , a lot of people who think they have adhd wrote a shit ton of paragraphs in here . there was seemingly no deficit to their attention . 	there was , they could n't concentrate enough to understand the post . 
that 's when you show them the 5 pills you need to deal with every morning . 	naw that 's when you tell them to mind their own business . 
maybe it 's all in your head ?  edit : adhd only exists in america so go figure 	it is in my head you 're correct . in my brain to be more specific . 
well , japan 's population is actually decreasing because their young people are either too immersed in their careers to start families or living like a recluse out of shame . 	good thing japan and china are the same country . 
was a nursing student , did not take it . studied my ass off . 	imagine being able to study your ass off with something better than caffeine . 
brilliant . when even the doctor who coined the disorder says it is total bullshit hahaha  	the doctor who named it died in 41 . the first medical description of adhd symptoms is from the 18th century . 
it 's terrible for both the kids and the country , as a whole . that 's one of the reasons china lags behind now , and for the foreseeable future , in creativity and originality . 	everything 's terrible for everyone unless you 're born rich . we either deal with it , or you end up homeless . 'murica . 
there were a hundred and fifty of us living in a shoebox in the middle of the road . 	used to pay 't mill owner for privilege of coming to work . 
then he should say that , because his comment reads that it 's a fake disorder made as an excuse for kids who do n't like school . 	i thought he meant that the way our school system is set up causes this phenomenon to occur . like , without proper outlets , the brain can descend into this state because of its environment . 
are we still doing the thing where we believe adhd is a real disorder ? 	are you still doing the thing where you act like a twat ? 
nice joke , but if this fixes it you do n't have adhd , someone with adhd would escalate . 	which is kind of what that whole episode pointed to . literally every kid was diagnosed with adhd when they really did n't . 
reminds me of how my father used to tell me to grow up , when i was 6 . 	i feel you . when i was 8 my dad kept telling me i 'm too old for cartoons and stuffed animals , and that i should act my age . 
if you 're going to cite a study , could you post that study or at least give us enough information to find it ourselves ? 	i 'm trying to avoid the discussion of the racial demographics of the city that are completely beside the point but which will come up if i mention it .   
for normal people it might be like that . but for people with actual adhd it pretty much just levels the playing field and gives us a fighting chance . 	oh , yeah . i was n't saying that . i was saying for me someone without adhd it 's like a cheat code . 
i would n't put it past them that they do n't believe in adhd , they do n't believe in global warming either . 	and remember the episode they did on smoking ? 
i realize what they 're trying to say , but think about the average person who watches south park and what their takeaway from that situation would be . 	if you cant take away anything but that from this scene you should n't be a parent . 
reminds me of how my father used to tell me to grow up , when i was 6 . 	i 'm 21 and my dad still says it ! 
reminds me of how my father used to tell me to grow up , when i was 6 . 	yours only told you to grow up ? my dad hit me until my bruising looked like five o 'clock shadow . 
if that 's one of the only times you remember , probably best to let that incredibly insignificant thing go and realise how good your old man was . 	i have let all resentment go a long time ago . i remember it more now because when the time comes for a kid in my house i want to avoid a similar thing . 
or you know authors of a satirical show that includes mocking of the american and world culture of fixing every problem by 2 magical pills ? 	or by strangers striking children in the face ? 
i was not medicated for adhd until after college and i seriously regret resisting medication for the first 27 years of my life . 	thank you ! i 'm glad that some people can agree with me on this . happy cake day . 
people realize we evolved out of doors for over billions of years .  but they seem surprised that if you lock kids in a little room all day , they have issues . go figure . 	i did n't come from no door ! 
fair enough . perhaps a poor choice of words on my part . 	nah , it 's alright . describing the experience of having adhd is often difficult 
the library became my home too , the librarians my only friends . 	sorry to hear that . 
used to pay 't mill owner for privilege of coming to work . 	not actually too far from the truth for my dad . his first job paid next to nothing because it was a tourist bar and with american 's crazy tipping culture he still earned a decent amount 
are you trying to say you know the medication i take based off a comment i made ? if you 're going to call a person crazy , try not to fit the part . 	oh that 's good . . adderall is a fucking beast 
lol go study ? what am i in college ? 	you do n't need a school to study . just do it for the rest of your life . 
and it 's always difficult . medication is an excuse for a lack of devotion in most cases . i wo n't say all , but for sure in my case and most of the people i personally know . 	that 's like saying that wearing glasses is a lack of trust in your eyes . give me a break . 
my grandfather asked me how old i was . i told him i was 8 . he said kiddo , when i was your age i was 9 . 	hah . your grandpa is fucking rad . 
believe it or not , this is more or less the cure for adhd in china . why do you think their students do so well in school and on tests compared to most other western nations ? 	because they often cheat . it is a part of chinese schooling culture , at least in the higher grades and college levels , if i 'm not mistaken . not sure about younger grades . 
reminds me of how my father used to tell me to grow up , when i was 6 . 	when will you get a job son ? 
but do dank memes melt steel laughter ? 	dank memes ca n't melt steel beams . 
it 's like a real life cheat code for school , pretty awesome . 	for normal people it might be like that . but for people with actual adhd it pretty much just levels the playing field and gives us a fighting chance . 
that 's when you show them the 5 pills you need to deal with every morning . 	that 's when they tell you , that the pharmaceutical lobby has everyone in the palm of their hand . 
my grandfather asked me how old i was . i told him i was 8 . he said kiddo , when i was your age i was 9 . 	which makes perfect sense , you forgot telling us that your grandpa is korean and you are not though . 
it sucks for me . i do have the meds , but with my adhd i do n't get the same effects as other college kids do when they take it to be able to study for hours . 	if you 're a good student and take you 're meds properly then there is no reason to cram the night before test . 
our system in the west is identical in that respect . 	pft , many us students get through entire grades without doing a shred of homework or studying . 
reminds me of how my father used to tell me to grow up , when i was 6 . 	telling children off for being childish is like telling water off for being wet . 
itt : people who do n't understand comedy . 	or people with different senses of humour ? 
when i was six years old i had a full time job . 	shit , the day i was born i was already late for work down at the mill . 
naruto learned from his peers mistakes . 	i do n't understand what part in the manga are you talking about 
man , i have a great sense of humour . i just do n't like their particular brand of humour , where beating kids is encouraged and using homophobic slurs unironically is cool . 	obviously you either do n't watch or do n't understand the show . you 're missing out . 
it sucks for me . i do have the meds , but with my adhd i do n't get the same effects as other college kids do when they take it to be able to study for hours . 	that 's because they do n't have adhd . meds will just give them a stimulant high . you only get the other benefits of focus and concentration . 
yes , i assume a lobotomy would solve your problems just the same . 	that 's what they did before a more reasonable treatment was developed . sorry if i prefer my brain intact . 
that 's when you show them the 5 pills you need to deal with every morning . 	one to get you up and focused , one to put you to sleep and one to get it up . 
that might be the joke . 	no , the joke is supposed to be that adhd does n't really exist .  a joke which a lot of people do n't find very funny . 
itt : people who do n't understand comedy . 	itt : people whose adhd is influencing them to read reddit instead of what they should be doing . 
ask the nursing students . they sure as shit have it 	was a nursing student , did not take it . studied my ass off . 
i agree , but i gotta ask . what exactly is paper mario ? 	born post n64 then ? 
i 'm perfectly happy with my life right now and i love both my parents . i 'm just saying if my dad had smacked me instead of grounding me i would 've tried harder in school . 	perhaps if you 'd tried harder in school you would 've learned that beating kids does n't work . 
reminds me of how my father used to tell me to grow up , when i was 6 . 	my dad used to yell at my older brother and i to quit acting like we we in 3rd grade . one time he yelled it at my younger brother , who was in 2nd grade at the time . 
that seems like a pretty normal thought process to me , except maybe that last part . 	the last part is very important . short term memory retention is an indicator of add 
of course , everyone who claims to have adhd believes they have the real and serious kind . 	as opposed to the fake and unimportant kind ? 
were you a contractor in iraq or were you a part of the military ? 	usaf e - 5 
orthodox do not pray with their eyes closed . 	could you post a video or something to show it ? i 'm really interested in it . 
could it be that you 've filtered their country out on the send cards page ? i know that individual card pages only show countries that you want to send cards to . 	no . i will try to find an example 
press the button , and you will be free . 	make sure you do n't get a filthy purple flair though . 
if you pushed it , you morally do n't deserve the flair you have . do us a favor and push it again , this time when it 's not bugged .  sincerely ,  the church of gray 	it 's a red guards duty to save the button 
it 's like they play the shitty angle first to sweeten the awesome second angle . 	this game and the torino - juventus game earlier had some weird camera - work 
this makes studying for my last - ever law school exam even more annoying , given that it 's professional responsibility . 	i was thinking to taking professional responsibility 3l year because i thought it would be easy . would you advise against this decision ? 
agreed . i ca n't focus on anything else until they fix this . extremely frustrating . 	i wish they would just send you a score in an email if they do n't even have the capacity to handle something they have months to prepare for . 
would connecting it through an ethernet switch from the modem be considered type 1 ? 	no , that 's just using a wired router in essence . type 2 should be fine , there is no need to get type 1 , it 'll make pretty much zero difference . 
that is such an annoying bar . sorry but the picnic tables and benches at the bar are most uncomfortable . oh yeah and they only take cash as far as i know 	decent amount of tvs , darts , free peanuts , and they do take credit cards now . 
record a video clip and go back to that point and do it yourself . 	if screenshots are disabled at that point in the game then so is recording . 
completely serious , you mentioned it was largely sexism . could you be a little more specific about this toxicity you see everywhere ? 	just general asshole i guess .  you ca n't just pin one thing to it as its pretty much anything the guy or gal can think of . 
here 's what , do n't identify as female . serious talk no lie , i 'm not trying to say we 're all bad , but in the interest of avoiding the bad eggs , do that . 	so i should n't speak to my friends during a game ? 
well , she was at work . 	lots of people love their jobs . probably just upset she has to look at people like me .  edit : why the downvotes ? not allowed to be self - deprecating ? 
met her a couple hours ago . very attractive , but seemed like she did n't want to be there . 	well , she was at work . 
with the wii fit game it 's nearly 50 idk how to price it without maybe 30ish 	well i was only interested in the board , but yeah i think the shipping alone for that would n't be worth it for you . thank you for your time . 
the balance board is n't pricey , but i imagine shipping it would be . 	with the wii fit game it 's nearly 50 idk how to price it without maybe 30ish 
i used to work at crooked crust on fry street . we get all the drunk people at 2 - 3 am after the bars close on thursday , friday , and saturday 	i was gonna respond you should ask crooked crust employees ; since i work there ; and considering we get the worst of them . i honestly would n't know where to start .   
a friend of mine broke the heart of a fascist does that count ? 	come back when they break the fascist 's skull . 
are you using an mac ?  also its 3 rounds 3 mins is the approximate time . 	i am using a normal windows pc . it 's just pissing me off , that i am getting punished for a fault i ca n't influence . 
do n't forget cold too 	when did he leave ? 
the apple appears to be very low on mobile for me . do you think that there 's any way to fix it ? 	not only with res was it cut off for me , but now on mobile too . 
oh wow , hmm . so they are no longer even servicing it . that 's weird . probably a change after the last market crash . we had a ton of bad loans we sold 	not weird . the actual payment cash flows and the servicing rights can be separated and sold separately . happens all the time . 
oh yea , i most definitely did . that should not have happened . i was on mobile earlier and must have messed up . my bad . 	i do n't see how we can look past this . 
then they 'd have to pay for fuel for decades on 	for germany , it 's a question of whether they want to pay for coal or natural gas for decades on . 
so , why did n't germany just build solar instead of building new , more efficient coal plants ? 	capitalism is wonderful , and germany allows people to build whatever they want based upon the economics . unless of course its nuclear power and a major nuclear accident has just occurred . 
but replacing german coal with natural gas power plants would have reduce environmental and physical health damage far more than replacing german natural gas with intermittent renewables . 	being as how both gas and coal have fallen as a result of solar wind and hydro - your . does n't represent reality . 
eternal return is different from buddhist rebirth . 	if you say so . it looks like different ways of explaining the same underlying concept to me . buddhism just presents it on a personal level , rather than a universal level . 
so is it a good trade ?  i mean i will play with the knife , but will also try to trade it away for profit . 	idk bud , i know it 's going to be ridiculously hard to sell ! also , chroma a are still dropping 
st are really hard to sell , unless of course you want to play with the knife . also , yours is n't entirely fire and ice 	so is it a good trade ?  i mean i will play with the knife , but will also try to trade it away for profit . 
cool deal . it wont be as nice as premade teams , but at least being able to play together is there in some form at launch . i was worried i would have to wait until august ! 	yeah , it will be good to play casually with friends for a while , then get more serious when august rolls around . 
make it free . call it facebook , twitter , or one of those socially connected apps . 	publishing app with misleading information ? not in my page ! 
i recall having a bad high too , got it in santa anna . just remember being paranoid as fuck . 	major paranoia from it too . it was great at first but a weekend of it triggered something apparently . 
smoked with a new guy once . said do n't torch it then my other friend asked if he knew what that meant . he said yes . then he proceeded to swirl the lighter around the whole bowl . 	smoking some green crack huh ? 
i recall having a bad high too , got it in santa anna . just remember being paranoid as fuck . 	paranoia is caused by sativa , must just be sensitive to them 
that 's almost as bad as my friend who never clears the bong after he hits it . 	oh man i had a buddy that would brew a decent bowl and only inhale the amount you would for a cigar then immediately pull the bowl out then clear it in 1 motion . 
thanks ! do they have to be staggered for it to trigger or does it just happen randomly ?   	it seems random , but it also seems to occur mostly to the villain in a mob . 
did you fucking watch that show ? lol asuna effectively becomes the main character in the second half . 	something tells me they did n't get past phantom bullet . 
asuna in the 2nd half of sao . 	kirito becomes the big lebowski , complaining about how the lamp really tied the room together . 
a lamp can be best girl ? 	if it 's possible for a table , absolutely . 
care to explain ? 	there 's some sort of nazi underground base apparently in manitoba 
you should have as much right to vote on the future of the uk in the eu as i , as an englishman , had to vote in the scottish independence referendum , which is to say , none . 	you did , if you lived in scotland . he 's not suggesting europeans living in norway should get a vote . 
you have to force yourself . go on a hike . go the gym . i 'm struggling too , but the biggest benefits i 've seen so far are when i 've forced myself to leave the house . 	it 's hard man , i just want her back and like dude , she was out of my league , and it was great , but now it 's gone . 
i wanted to chat with people who found me hot . 	so everyone on this planet ? man you 'll be busy 
also from ne ohio and interested in the info . 	hey again man , i really hope we can figure something out . i 've been researching it hardcore and it 's been sort of disheartening . 
god , you are the worst kind of fan 	based on what ? pretty big jump to make because i 'm not buying into a nobody saying they 'll be on raw tonight . 
this was posted last night , i believe . 	do n't you wish you could watch raw tonight ? 
i 'm producing steel beams . can we work together ? 	remember that you ca n't melt them with jet fuel . 
make rocket fuel i always need more rocket fuel . i have 3 toons producing it in none and i still run out for my production . 	i 'm producing steel beams . can we work together ? 
i 'm producing steel beams . can we work together ? 	why , it 's not like rocket fuel can burn hot enough to melt steel beams into something else 
can you suggest any more rogue like games ? all the ones i 've tried besides isaac i have n't really enjoyed . 	if you like binding of isaac a lot try realm of the mad god if you like rogue like 2ds try rogue legacy .  4 of my most played games . 
you sound fun . it 's the not people watering their small lawns that are the problem . 	i 'll reiterate , every bit helps 
if you are n't too far into the ground , have someone drive a car over the top of you and you can get in the car . 	this . i dont know if its still the case , but you can start dropping stuff and it will stack , ultimately pushing you upward but only by a little bit per item . 
i never want keith back on my tv again . dude did nothing to deserve another run except win some challenges and be clueless . 	i 'm so sad that brad and troy , who want it so bad , might lose it to stick with the plan and i 'm losing a million because karate . 
i work at a zoo and they always tell us that the worst animal to escape would be an elephant , just because they are huge and unpredictable . 	 are elephants typically aggressive by nature ? 
op 's mom 	haha , i bet op 's mom is a fat hairy animal ! 
perhaps you should consider your thoughts more carefully . especially when you try to give yourself authority by age alone . 	maybe you should stop defending blindly and consider i might have a point somewhere ?  but be careful : something good might come of it . 
no . how can i ?  i just had a different expectation of her . in real life she seems to be a type that likes her self a lot . maybe a bit too much . so to speak . 	that seems a bit contradictory , but whatever . do n't you think she might acting in that clip . it seemed like a joke to me , but what do i know ? 
so you expect the actor to exactly like the character she portrays ? even when the character is completely shaped by your choices and interpretations ? 	no . how can i ?  i just had a different expectation of her . in real life she seems to be a type that likes her self a lot . maybe a bit too much . so to speak . 
perhaps you should consider your thoughts more carefully . especially when you try to give yourself authority by age alone . 	the age thing was your idea .  and i still think she gives the impression of a person who thinks too much of her self . 
at least they 're actually using selvedge denim , but the quality is questionable . i would love to see someone do a review on them . 	does not seem to be too bad from my own experience . feel is not to far away from apc denim both in weight and texture . not very exciting denim or anything but it does not seem to be bad . 
they 've been selling it for years . i 've seen it in person and the quality looks okay , probably worth what you pay for . i doubt they 'll last more than a year or two . 	most denim does n't last much longer than that . 
i do n't suppose that human blood is too good for them either , really . 	you 're probably right , but i 'd be more worried about bacteria than anything in a child 's blood . 
i 've always wanted to cosplay her . 	that type of costume looks like it 'd be very easy to get stuck in a doorway , though . 
for me , it 's business contacts . 	what 's your biz ? 
buy minimum sell maximum . i could prolly help you with another ps4 if you want . 	yeah i get that much it 's just selling the player afterwards that 's the problem 
support support support !  he should be aloud to leave the house , he wonders the yard and is hard to find at times 	you can call him with the bell - pull in your dining room , so you do n't have to look for him . 
filter your galaxy map by star type . only have non - sequence stars visible .  they 're huge white ones close to saga . 	i will probably need to travel a few thousand ly first i guess as i am only 3k away from sol heading inwards .  thanks for the tip though ! 
i have a white poker 2 with mx browns and the stock pbt caps . offer ? 	pm me your asking price . 
i have a white poker 2 with mx browns and the stock pbt caps . offer ? 	you interested in trades for that board ? 
grass is always greener , dude . how about just being happy with what you have , and not bitching about what you do n't . 	well , i have my clitoris intact . i got to keep all of my genitals because they are protected by law from any genital cutting whatsoever . i think guys should have the same protection . 
you got the gist of his post , did n't you ? 	i knew what they meant , was just trying to assist with proper word usage . i appreciate it when people tell me i 'm using words incorrectly . 
can you find anywhere on the phone or in the owner 's manual that says the phone is dual voltage , or supports both us and eu chargers ? 	it will work . voltage is regulated by the power adapter . so as long as you have the right adapter for the country you are in you are good to go ! 
can you find anywhere on the phone or in the owner 's manual that says the phone is dual voltage , or supports both us and eu chargers ? 	phone is 5v , so as long as its usb or qi powered , it does n't care where in the world it is . 
i believe it is definitely sponsored content . google pays them to make that video . however , at the same time the yogscast get outside subscribers . 	it 's not sponsored , they are guest stars at google uk channel . 
and no one have said otherwise , downgrading graphics are still disappointing when they show something off and promise that the game is going to look like that , but in the end , it looks worse . 	i 'm not disappointed in w3 's graphics in the slightest . i have 2 780 ti 's and i ca n't even get consistent 60 fps with hairworks on . 
i 'm getting 30fps with a single 780 with hairworks on . what 's your issue here ? 	doubling the cards does n't necessarily double the fps . 
not played many bad games , that 's true . wait for reviews dawg . 	well i for one had fun with it . there were things i did n't like and things i did as usual in a game . if you go into a game convinced its shit , you 're going to hate it . 
a lot of pc gamers definitely do n't agree with that . i personally just want a function game , but i think it is fine that many pc gamers feel cheated because the game is not what was promised . 	i play the game on a pc and i still do n't care  
i still do n't understand why you defend companies when they advertise something their final product ca n't live up to . how does it benefit us ? 	i did n't defend them , i just invited you to live in the real world . advertising is based on lying and misdirection  
so what is the meaning behind your comments ? to confuse me ?  oh fuck , i see , that 's what you 've been doing all along . well played . 	i already told you , there is no meaning or purpose  
and no one have said otherwise , downgrading graphics are still disappointing when they show something off and promise that the game is going to look like that , but in the end , it looks worse . 	barely . and also works a lot better . the differences are so small and the quality is much better , yet the bitching is in full force . 
would be awesome ! i 'm really curious as to what they will do with mass effect 4 . i 'll miss the old crew , but i 'm really looking forward to seeing the new faces it will bring . 	me too , but i hope it 'll be on consoles like ps3 . i love mass effect but i do n't want to buy a new console for it . 
hopefully mass effect 4 has a female turian ! 	would be awesome ! i 'm really curious as to what they will do with mass effect 4 . i 'll miss the old crew , but i 'm really looking forward to seeing the new faces it will bring . 
baby powder on feet and nether regions can be helpful , too , especially during the summer . 	try some odor eaters for your feet . i have sweaty feet and they let my shoes go longer without stinking . 
bruh just grow the girlfriend tree in your backyard , pick em whenever you want , so much cheaper than the store 	i actually prefer shooting myself out of my girlfriend - cannon into girlfriend land . 
bruh just grow the girlfriend tree in your backyard , pick em whenever you want , so much cheaper than the store 	where do i get me some girlfriend seeds tho ? 
i 'll head to the girlfriend store right now ! 	bruh just grow the girlfriend tree in your backyard , pick em whenever you want , so much cheaper than the store 
do n't forget to brush your teeth . 	do n't however use mouthwash as that is bad for your teeth and mouth in the long run .   
old spice melts my skin off . literally . 	same . i have not tried it in about 12 years , but last time i did i got a terrible terrible rash in both armpits . it was awful . 
baby powder on feet and nether regions can be helpful , too , especially during the summer . 	gold bond extra strength is a godsend . year - round for me . 
you mean there are really people who think you do n't need to wash the part that is directly in contact with shit . has anyone ever explained to you why they think this ? 	i figure it 's a head - in - sand type thing . ignore it , it might go away . 
and your feet with your hands and some soap and stuff water running over does n't do anything 	on top of this , if you get sweaty feet gold bond is magical . just do a light squeeze into your socks and you 're good to go . 
with all this rain it 's no doubt they 'll surface soon , soft dirt is their battlefield . but they were n't the only ones preparing . we 'll be ready for them this time . 	tremors 6 : they came from the red earth 
tremors 6 : they came from the red earth 	the dirt is red from the blood of their enemies . 
this is really cute . did you design them yourself ? 	no i saw it online . it 's a pattern for a bracelet . 
the captain of the french rugby team is black , therefore one of france 's greatest emperors must be black . 	i 've seen their football team . there 's no way france is n't entirely black . 
how hard it was to glue the spider ? 	he 's still alive and moving at the end of the gif . 
have n't tested this but if it works the way its described its god - send to anyone working on payroll , time sheets etc 	thanks , i hope it can be useful to other people . it works as described in the documentation and unit tests . if you find a bug , feel free to create an issue or send a pull request  
does he ever pull your nose ring out ? mine does , or tries to all the freaking time . 	the nail that sticks out , gets hammered down . or chewed - on by a cat . 
guess i 'll have to come up with something else to pick up cats . 	you 'll soon learn that the best course of action is to just throw them in a bag and run off . 
- leonardo dicaprio   - tom cruise  - brad pitt  - tom hardy   - al pacino   - john travolta 	travolta ? i ca n't think of any names other than tarantino . 
the war on doctors is flaming . the american healthcare system is being destroyed . are we going to fight back ? or are we going to watch history unfold ? 	you sure do enjoy your hyperbole . 
these are dark times to be a guy who only watches football and baseball . 	you could always watch the caribbean series . australian league championship is coming up too . 
these are dark times to be a guy who only watches football and baseball . 	try soccer , it 's super fun . plus it 's pretty historic , which is one thing i like about sports . baseball and soccer are both great for history . 
lol what is football ? 	a game your neighborhood raiders attempt to play every year . 
these are dark times to be a guy who only watches football and baseball . 	you should ditch football and only watch baseball and basketball . that covers you all 12 months , and 10 of those months are either playoffs or the second half of the regular season . 
these are dark times to be a guy who only watches football and baseball . 	you should try and pick up hockey . it 's what i did . 
no one else watches hockey ? the rangers are in full swing baby . 	i 'm a blues fan . i 'm excited for baseball , but i 'll follow hockey for as long as the blues are in it . 
i try to watch la liga , but it seems to be too dive - ey for my tastes . i 'll give it another shot , to be sure ; but every time i say that i watch a game and a diver gets rewarded . 	the la liga refs in general are among the worst around , but not many people would have guessed that the epl would be the two - horse race . 
thank you ! she hates getting her hair brushed though . xd 	so does loki . they look so majestic , but it 's a pain keeping his coat clean ! 
it took me a minute to find your cat in that picture , haha . and i love meatballs so any recipe involving them i will most likely try ! 	he was full ninja mode in that picture . when looking for a picture of them both i thought he was n't in it at first haha ! 
yeah i went to all good 2012 . we got sweet luck camping very close to the gate , last time . premier parking . so do they have you park and you just take what you need ? 	oh right on , that would be it precisely though . camped right under the row of pine trees last year . 
beat me to it !  they do n't mention , can anyone advise what a reasonable recovery time from this injury would be ? is the two weeks realistic ? 	4 - 6 weeks though to be fair , you could maybe throw him in as a batsman because he 's got so much bottle 
you like to see men wrestle ? 	yeah but i get invested in the wrong guys , pissed off at the booking , storylines , style of matches etc . it really would be less stressful to not give a shit about it . 
aha , i think i know what may have caused it . for some reason , aegon turned up at my court . i think this may have broken the event chain in this case .  i 'll try again and see how far i get ! 	yep , thats when it broke . 
in coming years , socialism will become as american as apple pie . we fought king george , we fought slavery , and now we will bury capitalism . 	i 'd like to ask you , do you count yourself a marxist , or just a socialist generally ? 
i might be stupid but i think my character gave the middle finger to one of the cops in a heist match i was playing . if that 's actually in the game it 's pretty awesome . 	it is , sometimes when you spot , you flip the bird ! 
adobe what ? 	adobe flash projector , sorry 
the tsa uses female agents for pat - downs of women . 	big , ugly , fat women who most likely have secret creep tendencies . 
a union ca n't protect you from perjury . 	being a government employee seems to be a foolproof perjury protection . 
perjury is a crime .  unions can prevent people from getting arrested now ? what 's the easiest union to get into ? i wanna rob a bank . 	it 's far easier to just work for a bank and rob the people , it seems . safer too . all kinds of legal protection 
shit , might as well have licked that chapstick and applied it 	yeah that 's nasty . 
what , so you think we should just say fuck it and have zero airport security ? 	airlines did security before the tsa , they just got lax about it . 
or you know , hold the guy responsible for his stupid actions . he should n't be packing his shit in a pvc pipe and then acting hostile towards tsa . 	how can you side with the guy who put a man in jail and lied under oath ? that is ridiculous . 
perjury is a crime .  unions can prevent people from getting arrested now ? what 's the easiest union to get into ? i wanna rob a bank . 	join the bank robbers union . 
i honestly went into that video looking to find flaws , but that was a really fucking good play . good job 	besides the fact that he did n't check site at all , crosshair placement was pretty damn good and reaction times were pretty solid . 
i could n't help but smile while watching this because i know that 's what you were doing as soon as the round was over . from fucking ear to ear i bet . awesome clutch dude ! 	yeah ! my heart was pumping fast and i felt really satisfied lol . 
to be honest i could n't believe this is silver . nice job mate . 	well when he was rushing in with the mac he didnt check any spots , his crosshair was showing on the ground .  this is indeed silver my friend , but nice clutch bro nice awping ! 
i 've read that conservatives are more likely to think they hold the majority opinion than they actually are . this idiot thinks everybody agrees with her because she lives in a fox news bubble . 	reminds me of how mitt romney was actually shocked that he lost . i guess in his mind he assumed everyone was on his side . 
a bonus of having a paid off , scratched to hell car . i do n't give a fuck and my car is small so it will fit in that spot . 	being able to be passive aggressive when parking is literally the only benefit of a shitty looking car . 
jesus seems like a cool dude , but a lot of his fan club is right fucked up . 	idk , he did get a women to degrade herself . 
the loudest most obnoxious laugh i have ever heard . 	same here . and everything is hilarious too . it 's annoying as hell but i do n't want to be the asshole complaining about someone enjoying themselves at work . 
i work in hr and would laugh someone out of my office if they made this complaint about another employee to me . of course , i do n't like kids much either . 	ditto , except that i work in hr and have my own kids . what the hell went through her mind making that compliant ? 
hourly employee ? 	nope . she is salary . yet she complains that she comes in everyday at 6 in the morning and stays until 7 plus working the weekend . 
i work in hr and would laugh someone out of my office if they made this complaint about another employee to me . of course , i do n't like kids much either . 	amen . i work in hr and do n't particularly give a shit about your opinions because it 's irrelevant to your job .  also , hr people of reddit unite ! 
she clips her fingernails in my cubicle .  click click click i hate her . 	in your cube ? do you share a cube with her or does she walk in to do it ?  why in the hell would n't you say something ? 
burger king is her god ? 	no , he is the hand of god . kinda like that pope , but actually is . 
nope . she is salary . yet she complains that she comes in everyday at 6 in the morning and stays until 7 plus working the weekend . 	next time she complains about her long work hours , maybe someone should tell her that she would n't have to if she 'd just be more efficient . 
when i ask for a screenshot of something , she will take a screenshot , paste it into word , print the word doc , scan the printed piece of paper , and send me the pdf scan . 	i never believed this happened until someone at my job actually did this . i was amazed . 
jesus christ , why are my cashews moist ? 	sorry , ca n't help you . i only deal with one at a time , as in a single cashew .  the wait continues . 
lazy , sleeps during work , does n't do anything when awake 	how do people like this have jobs ? 
amen . i work in hr and do n't particularly give a shit about your opinions because it 's irrelevant to your job .  also , hr people of reddit unite ! 	we should unite ! i usually see nothing but negative comments about our profession here . 
jesus seems like a cool dude , but a lot of his fan club is right fucked up . 	what group of fans are n't fucked up ? 
because he does n't wash his hands after he uses the restroom . that 's fucking sick , dude . 	i hope you do n't work in the food or medical industry at least . 
sounds like she 's headed for a phd in women 's studies . 	womyn 's studies . 
she uses god whenever she disagrees with someone .  she is very overweight . wo n't exercise because god gave her that body ! it 's natural . 	maybe she went to that school where she 's get half credit for answering a question with jesus . 
she uses god whenever she disagrees with someone .  she is very overweight . wo n't exercise because god gave her that body ! it 's natural . 	burger king is her god ? 
when i ask for a screenshot of something , she will take a screenshot , paste it into word , print the word doc , scan the printed piece of paper , and send me the pdf scan . 	i want to cut this stranger that i do n't even know . 
i 'm patiently waiting for this to happen . 	i think it may be a long wait . care for a snickers ? 
i 'm guessing that a person like that would just smash their door into the other car to get out . 	a bonus of having a paid off , scratched to hell car . i do n't give a fuck and my car is small so it will fit in that spot . 
that sounds awkward as fuck , does he just whistle loudly all the time ? 	she , and yes . to music , if she 's playing music . otherwise , for no apparent reason . 
i hope you do n't work in the food or medical industry at least . 	in my past defense , i was a dishwasher . washing my hands happened all day long . 
i feel this is a rather generous usage of the nsfw tag .  by which i mean : get better pictures ! 	there was just enough that i decided to play it safe . i can say i saw some nipple walking by . 
in theory yes , but my last 10 games tell another story 	all the evidence i can show you is the pro 's going from bronze to challenger in a week or so . if it was so much about luck they would take much longer or just be unable . 
i think i need to pose the fingers better , but thanks . 	he also is looking at it , which makes it seem like he 's tracking it for a catch , but the finger posing will help . 
thanks ! nice headshots , easy navigation . i get a good sense of your personality without feeling like it 's forced - a balance i 'm struggling a bit to find with my own . 	glad you like it . thanks ! 
nfl is n't played with a ball 	football ? 
football ? 	nah it is n't ball shaped . 
everything but the glass nail : d 	thats awesome , share the diy specs homie 
looks more like he used a blow torch not a drill . given the circular wave ring from high heat . could be wrong . 	man you 're digging deep ! 15 day old post .  iirc op talks about using a drill somewhere in these old ass comments . 
yes i sent my high school id to perk , and they accepted it . 	how long ago did you send it in to verify your account ? i 'm curious , as the level of scrutiny has gone up over time . 
i have some advice , do n't use dual swords . 	i agree with this man . duel sword users are scum in my eyes 
two well - written rational agents with access to all relevant data cannot disagree on any factual matter . that 's all i 'm saying . do not insult me . my reading comprehension is fine . 	opinion is not factual . it can be based on facts , but it 's not factual itself . 
i care about that about as much as i care about arnold 's second family . 	yes , but his best friend also happened to be his campaign manager , and his deputy chief of staff , so it 's about more than just his private life . 
enjoy living in detroit the state . 	it 's february 11th and it 's 82 degrees outside . i am enjoying it and will continue doing so , thanks . 
if you 're able to trust people that utterly betray their best friend , you 're going to have an unfortunate time in life . 	i can trust people to not let their personal life get in the way of their ability to do their job . everyone is sleeping around and breaking hearts . it 's what we do on the clock that counts . 
i agree with your sentiment , but it 's hard not to feel some self - loathing when you try for years to change those things and are unable to , reminding me of the definition of insanity . 	do you feel loathing for other people when they do similar things and are similarly human ? 
so you will be shitting out your tat . 	that 's how current laser treatments work .  it 's not actually that much ink . and it 's spread out over several days . 
oh god , i need a barrel of this shit to sit in .  edit : grammer 	edit : grammar 
having read how it works , i can safely say this is the thing that will start the zombie apocalypse . 	about damn time . i need to prove that facebook quiz from a few years ago wrong . there 's no way i only last 2 days . 
i always feel it 's misleading to call a guy getting his phd a student . the term implies either a high school or undergrad student who found something that you 'd never expect them to . 	i never expect phd students to find anything either .  source : am a phd candidate . 
luckily a mosin 's bayonet is about 2 . 5ft long , so i should be good there as well . 	your have great range . thought i should compliment you on that . 
i 've found laser removal to be a more intense pain at first but it fades very quickly . similar to short - lasting cigarette burns or lightning bursts to the skin . 	my immune system does n't do well with any sort of drop . i found that out when i got a tattoo . i 'm pretty sure laser removal would cause the same issues . 
i have one crappy tattoo that i would love to have removed , but getting the tattoo made me incredibly sick so i 've avoided laser removal . looking forward to finding out this really works . 	i 've found laser removal to be a more intense pain at first but it fades very quickly . similar to short - lasting cigarette burns or lightning bursts to the skin . 
ok , finally time to remove my richard marks tattoo 	just get a marky mark tattoo coverup . 
the first online game i played was age of mythology if i remember correctly we had aol at the time though that may be a lie , mostly i remember lazer bears lots of lazer bears 	i ca n't wait for the sequel . lazer bears 2 : laser squirrels . 
strange - what version of android are you running on your 7 ? also is this the 2012 nexus 7 or the 2013 nexus 7 ? and finally , do you have a custom rom or something ? 	mine is 2013 nexus 7 with plain rom , it 's ok i already be able to play this game on my nexus 7 , just asked my friend to extract his apk and send it to me .  thanks for replying : d . 
i 've tried making a new account on the ps4 and i was able to play the game on that account . 	you 'll need the account that you bought it on still on the console to play it 
are n't downloaded copies tied to profile ? asking . 	i 've tried making a new account on the ps4 and i was able to play the game on that account . 
i mean , my cotton is turning back to it 's original white color , so it seems to be wicking just fine . how many drops do you normally use ? 	i have a plastic bottle i am using now . i just squeeze into the juice well , let the wick absorb it and do that over until the wick wo n't take anymore juice . 
you can take the patent bar . you 'll need to study a bit . 	i remember the physics department at my school telling us that becoming a patent attorney is quite a viable option for a physics student . 
i handled enormous quantities of medical sodium today , working in pharma logistics has advantages 	why is that an advantage ? 
so basically they 'll just up the amount we can buy from solomon ? 	hopefully not solomon , just give us the space . 
pic 3 - billionaire still uses blackberry - lmfao . 	guess he values security or else he 'd have an iphone ! 
pic 3 - billionaire still uses blackberry - lmfao . 	hahaha pretty down to earth the billionaire is ! : p : p 
the guy ringing me up forgot to give me the acorn pin , or they did n't get any . i did n't notice until i was already home , was so excited . 	did you call back and ask them ? this is tripping me out as to why some of us got some , some did n't , or did n't get both 
oh really ? good to know , i 'll save a few for when i get to higher levels 	when you get to higher levels you 'll have more than enough money . this game definitely started out scary , then let us get overpowered almost immediately . 
to be honest i do n't remember . i got it from a friend with a king already on . i put 2 more kings and angel sword . 	i have 3 kings and angel sword and it 's a high 2500 damage . never touched 26 . 
when you say left behind do you mean just trashed it ? why would n't you just clean it and take it home or something ? 	i left it with a buddy of mine . i have rigs at home , it was 50 bucks , and i was traveling with my child . sorry - no thanks to that risk . 
he may not have totaled a ton of sacks , but he put in a lot of pressures and was solid in the run game . i think he was above average as a starting de . 	yes , his run game play was good . i was addressing the comment regarding a pass rusher . we need sacks . not ghostly pressures or almost - had - ems . 
in my defense , i answered before you edited your post . 	yeah i kinda thought that might 've been the case . 
maybe wants the other exclusives or just prefers the xbox live service . 	all i know its last gen i would have called you crazy if you had a xbox 360 and didnt give a damn about gears of war and halo . 
multiplayer is pretty fun too . not very populated though . last time i tried finding a multiplayer lobby i had no luck . 	aw , that sucks . i loved the multiplayer when the game first came out , but have since moved on to other titles . was considering giving it a go again , shame there is no one playing . 
how comparable to dying light is it ? 	i 've played a bit of dl , and i like it a lot more . it 's quicker getting to places , and the zombies are an actual threat . in so , they 're more of a nuisance . 
all i know its last gen i would have called you crazy if you had a xbox 360 and didnt give a damn about gears of war and halo . 	that was me man ! 
eh , i do n't know the extent of superman 's telepathic durability feats but prof x has a chance as he 's at least top 10 in marvel in terms of telepathic ability , probably top 5 . 	supes has some pretty decent telepathic resistance . iirc , he kicked manhunter out of his mind . 
well if prof x 's body dies , his astral form can still mind rape supes . 	i was just generally asking if speed of thought was faster than speed of light lol . could you show me something like that happening ? 
people who 's jobs it is to think about stuff theoretically but never have had to apply that to the real world . 	that part sounds like they 're dealing with children .  when your kid sends your blood boiling take a step back and close your eyes . 
i do n't get the joke . is it implying he 's driving while on acid ? 	either that or walking into a street . the joke is believes people in cars honking at him are hallucinations . 
this used to be a picture of a person from history . it still is but it used to be too . 	billy the kid , search party of three ! 
yeah . why does he need the original ? i can print out 50 copies of this picture in my office for free .  how 'd this guy get rich ? 	his dad was rich . inheritance . 
yeah . why does he need the original ? i can print out 50 copies of this picture in my office for free .  how 'd this guy get rich ? 	he needs the original because billy the kid 's spirit is bound to it , and he is extracting his power from the photograph in occult rituals . 
the guy had big fucking hands ! 	and the actual billy was known for having tiny hands , and disproportionately large wrists . it was a party trick that got him out of handcuffs and allowed him to escape . 
billy the kid on right has a punchable face . he just looks like a person i would n't get along with .  edit - spelling 	he looks exceptionally stupid .  maybe they call him the kid because he 's as simple as a child ? 
tl ; dr : they play rich man 's chess and you do n't like the team they play for . 	if they play rich man chess right , they play with white and black . 
billy the kid on right has a punchable face . he just looks like a person i would n't get along with .  edit - spelling 	his face is weird because he probably had fetal alcohol syndrome . 
was just watching that too . small world 	or big network coverage ? 
let 's not act like the things they 've done have made the world a better place for anyone but themselves . 	please . you ca n't actually name the companies in their portfolio , nor their charitable history .  blind hatred of rich people is juvenile . 
yes the poor koch brothers , who people hate for no reason , like dropping 2 . 3 million of your family dollars on a photo while opposing social policies that keep poor families from starving 	i must have missed the backlash on that . how much money did they take from me exactly ? 
would n't everyone be a person from history ? 	yes marty , unless they 're from the future ! 
yeah , that 's right . the only reason to hate the koch brothers is because they have money . no other reasons at all . none . 	ya 'll fucktards do n't even know which koch brother this is .  hint : it 's not the one you 're all thinking of . 
because it 's reddit , and koch haters have their double standard reasons ? 	yes the poor koch brothers , who people hate for no reason , like dropping 2 . 3 million of your family dollars on a photo while opposing social policies that keep poor families from starving 
please . you ca n't actually name the companies in their portfolio , nor their charitable history .  blind hatred of rich people is juvenile . 	i do n't see anyone blindly hating rich people . just stating that it takes money to make money . 
i only have 1 dick . give me 2 . 3m dollars and i 'll let you touch it . 	you only get 1 virginity too . girls 'have sold that for a lot of money . 
you must be great at parties . 	my comment stands .  i do my best to avoid parties where anyone would discuss the koch brothers . sounds like a pretty terrible party . 
it 's a lot easier to take risks and succeed when you have millions to fall back on in case you fail . 	and yet people still manage to not do it all the time .  let 's not act like they 've done nothing . 
yes the poor koch brothers , who people hate for no reason , like dropping 2 . 3 million of your family dollars on a photo while opposing social policies that keep poor families from starving 	shall we delve into the art purchases of liberal billionaires ?  the circle jerk is strong in here . 
his dad was rich . inheritance . 	you gotta admire a man who can pull himself up by the bootstraps and enjoy daddy 's money . 
. i do this a few mornings a week but i 've never formally made a post to recruit . is bullet tooth broke ? 	are u able to host morning or some days ? what times could u host 
trae waynes just ran a 4 . 31 so i think he 's rising up some boards 	i was holding out some hope he might continue to fall to picks 20 or lower , but his combine was absolutely phenomenal . he 's probably a top 15 guy now . 
maxx williams . i thought he could be a late first pick but i think late 2nd is now more likely . 	bull crap . maxx is a sure fire ca n't miss prospect and dead sexy 
maxx williams . i thought he could be a late first pick but i think late 2nd is now more likely . 	nah his 10 yard split was good . he might sneak into round 1 but more than likely early round 2 . 
i really think shaq thompson hurt his stock . everyone had higher expectations for him , from everything down to the weight and everyone was upset with the results 	agree . i doubt he 's a first round pick . 
buy your own plates and only use those , problem solved 	non - shared plates should n't be in the shared kitchen . problem solved . 
people frequently put the wrong gender in titles . and it matters here , i think . the reaction is kind of wild . 	why does gender matter ? 
sounds like he might have a history or some mental issues , but yes please , call his maturity and masculinity into question instead of being helpful . 	people frequently put the wrong gender in titles . and it matters here , i think . the reaction is kind of wild . 
i hope the new dudes use double character text for all their trolling . 	that makes me want to start typing all of my shit in double char . 
i 'm going to eat so many bread and milk sandwiches 	french toast and beer , man . 
oh man i 'm nervous 	yeah the nam is freaking me out a bit , but hopefully it will get back in line with what the models are currently saying . 
what are the odds of a snow day tomorrow ? 	the snow will likely fall later in the day , starting at around 1 
neon hair . always with the neon hair . 	maybe she 's born with it ? 
employment 101 , do not shit talk your former employer , even if you really hated them . easiest way to not get hired again , because how do they know you wo n't do the same to them ? 	none of these people have any fucking common sense or professionalism . it 's quite amazing they got jobs in the first place 
i saw my biggest gains in chest strength after i started doing dips . keep at them youll get better . 	yeah , i 'm definitely set on doing dips , favorite exercise so far . i 'm just wondering if i should go to failure each set . how did you go about it ? 
i would like the instructions , but i 'm sure they will give them to me . thanks bud 	but if past the 2 week cutoff , neither box has any warranty , and you need to contact them . they will not contact you past the instructions they already sent you , but did n't act upon . 
do you plan on replying to my question itt ? i do n't think your assessment here is accurate . 	take it up with the author of the article . they made the points . my observation was just based on the article . 
do republicans genuinely think the keystone pipeline is a good idea , or is it purely a political thing at this stage fyi i 'm not american , and have no affiliation with either party 	yes to both . yes , many republicans think it 's a good idea . yes , to the extent everyone knew and knows that congress wo n't be able to do anything about it , it is purely a political thing . 
ha ! and you edit your comments after someone responds to you . i hope you stick around . this is going to be fun ! 	it 's important to get the right info out right ? i did so in case people did n't want to read until i clarified the number in my post after yours . 
thanks for the source ! good night ! 	ha ! and you edit your comments after someone responds to you . i hope you stick around . this is going to be fun ! 
what do you use to record video ? also i like that music dropped on top of it . i always wished i had recorded any of my games . 	shadowplay to record , song name is white lies by odesza 
that 's cute ! do you just put peanut butter on the ground , or do they come to you and feed from a spoonful ? 	we would put it on crackers . they take the whole thing and eat the peanut butter . so cute . 
parker is a shell of himself . i know it 's unlikely but i would love to see the spurs in the playoffs . 	unless the eyebrow comes back , i do n't see another west team below 8th getting in . if anything , i hope the spurs sit in 8th and play the warriors first round . 
unless the eyebrow comes back , i do n't see another west team below 8th getting in . if anything , i hope the spurs sit in 8th and play the warriors first round . 	and spurs beat warriors . that would be classic 
if you attacked the roc you ca n't be all bad . i was actually planning to give the speech in your defense .  you 're also responsible for putting me where i am today . figure i owe you one . 	we thank you for supporting us , but we 'd rather it be on logic . we did n't attack the roc , that was made up by someone who will do anything for a bullet . 
what would be a capital offense ? who 's body of laws would we be under ? the laws of the dns will be different from the laws of texas and new america . 	easy . old american law . it 's the laws we all know and most of us used to abide by . 
was i supposed to ? i do n't remember any orders for it . 	we asked you to tell us if you got some . it was n't an order but we would pay a premium . 
i 'm washing my hands of this affair . it 's all hearsay evidence . go for it if the concerned parties so desire it , i 'll watch it from here . 	sorry sir , but yer probably gonna have to testify as a witness . that or have an officer of your army testify . 
the old laws have no power over anyone anymore . it 's just a common set of laws which we can use for this mock tribunal . do you got a better set of laws that everyone knows ? 	united nations law . 
do you have it ?  yep they both are : d , very good monitors for the price i got them at 	yes i have both the keyboard and the monitor . the keyboard has red switches , and a red case though . with the wrist rest , it does n't look much like what it was when i got it . 
there 's a tactile bump but no audible click is what i mean . 	well , i can hear one on mine . not that loud i guess , but still noticeable . 
i 'm guessing it 's a mechanical , not sure what type though 	i 'm guessing his keyboard uses cherry mx blue switches 
holy shit thanks for the laugh ! ffs can anyone recommend a keyboard that does n't sounds like a stampede but still gives me the same feedback as mechanical ? 	mechanical keyboards are overrated and only have a use in high precision games for example tournament rts games such as sc2 . 
how close is your mic to your keyboard ? 	did you watch the video ? 
yes i have both the keyboard and the monitor . the keyboard has red switches , and a red case though . with the wrist rest , it does n't look much like what it was when i got it . 	cool : d okay pushing my luck here , what mouse do you have ? 
hilarity ensued amongst my friends and i , and this kid was shrieking his head off at us to take him seriously .  the best part was he did n't realise homophobic did n't mean homosexual . 	imagine living a life of homosexuality and homophobia . 
you 're quite welcome ! whether your dick is huge or small or anywhere in between , guys care a lot more about their dicks than we girls do . trust me . you got what you got . just own it . 	noted . only 3 more payments and it 's officially mine . all kidding aside , noted . 
the point is that it sounds like a noise a puppy would make . 	it sounds like welp , an english word also meaning puppy 
more people in india shit in the open than there are people in the us . 	holy shit your right . 
poor people cannot afford if you charge them money for shitting . he would rather spend that money on food . 	if he spends his food money to shit , he 'll have less shit , and save more money . 
the people you get on the phone are n't part of the half of india that do n't have toilets . 	that guy above is too busy asking for help with his windows xp to notice your comment and learn . 
yea that 's mine actually and i think i put the wrong address on the order , shall i pm the correct one for delivery ? 	once you 've had it delivered , let me know and i will take it for the post - delivery test drive to make sure everything is in order . 
yea that 's mine actually and i think i put the wrong address on the order , shall i pm the correct one for delivery ? 	have fun with registration and taxes . 
op you should do a ama , im sure a lot of people have questions about your work 	there is not much to tell , its just a job i do two - three days a week next to my studies . if you have more questions just ask them here 
i would think a car of this magnitude would have pajamas on it til it reached it 's destination . 	car shipping is like communism : no matter how powerful , expensive or rare you are , you 're tied down with the same gear on the same decks , only sorted by height and length . 
i 'm playing ab for grinding up to jets , but going to play mostly rb . 	mig - 9 is so called masochist plane , il - 28 is fun , its good vs noobs and can stand its ground against a good players . 
were you approved for freedom as your first card ? no other credit history ? 	yes , surprisingly . my student loans show up on my credit report but other than that i have no loans or credit . 
when do we find out who the toty players are and what with this voting thing ? 	you may want to look on this subreddit for the toty post . it 's a twitter link 
i feel dumb for asking but can someone please explain to me where this started or something ? 	wickd ama after he got benched . he kept saying kevin would be a good temporary fix because new players result in a honeymoon phase where everything 's happy 
you know they won just last summer right ? you act like they have n't been successful in a while . 	think it 's more that the only win late strategy seems to be an s2 construct , and was n't the best time period for them in terms of overall skill 
lcs system is so great xd ! players are forced to coach because they ca n't play professionally for the whole year unless they 're picked up by another team : p ! 	how is that worse than being unemployed for not being good enough like everything else in the world ? 
lcs system is so great xd ! players are forced to coach because they ca n't play professionally for the whole year unless they 're picked up by another team : p ! 	so , just like every major sport in the world then ? 
are you kidding man , i just wanted to add something to your statement , jeez 	tone does not translate well over text . my bad . 
holy shit their coach is pusher - street ? lmao 	yeah i had to look up his name just to confirm rofl could n't believe it at first : p 
it 's far more likely that he noted the aoe stun and , knowing how powerful such cc is in dota , told nyph to pick it up . 	even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
they beat the worst team and lost to the best team . not really fair to say they still sucked with krepo yet .  we 'll see this week . 	this . anyone with half a brain would n't draw any conclusion from last week .  edit : would n't 
i think its going to be a fun ride . who would of thought that the canadian team could have nba players cut from the roster . really looking forward to see what this team can do ! 	for real ! finally we can see what the full package will look like 
i highly recommend something made by all - american . i have a 21 qt and it ought to last me the rest of my life . 	agreed . it 's one of the best kitchen purchases i 've made , and i feel like it 's going to last longer than me or my children . 
all american are great for canning , but for cooking you really want a stainless steel one , not an aluminum one . 	ruined a batch of tomato sauce to learn that lesson . 
i hate the writing on that . it 's like it 's written by a 3rd grader who just learned how to swear . 	let me check my bill of rights . oh good , first amendment 's still there . 
ok , should 've read the rules ! lol . i deposited a lvl 1 male ralts . thanks 	could n't find it please redeposit 
this commentary is a lot better than the one on the dr . mario video . ganon 's customs seem pretty good but i think this wo n't make him top tier 	well , this video is double of the length in comparison to the doc one , and half of that video he spends just giving an intro about custom . 
good read . it reminds me that some part of me would like to see tim and gregg legitimately review some movies from time to time . 	yeah they 're obviously smart guys with a strong handle on movies , it would be pretty interesting to see a completely straight , serious review of a movie from them . 
feeling this . that fucking intro , man . 	they opened their concert with feeling this three or four years back and my god , all that fucking energy . it was insane . this should definitely be the song . 
tried it , it 's a pain in the ass 	that 's how i feel . is it an easy process to cancel 
haha i kind of wish the cold open was this . the joke that the unbreakable in the op is n't even a reference to kimmy would have been too good as a running joke . 	i really wish they used this instead . i 'm really not a fan of the auto - tune opening . 
it would 've made a great ending tag for the final episode 	i finished watching the show an hour or so before seeing this clip , so that 's essentially what it was for me . and it was wonderful . 
haha i kind of wish the cold open was this . the joke that the unbreakable in the op is n't even a reference to kimmy would have been too good as a running joke . 	it would 've made a great ending tag for the final episode 
why is n't the little bro wearing shades or something to hide his identity ? that 's pretty strange . 	i always thought that was strange too . same with how he carried his backpack . look at the older brother , then look at the younger . very different demeanor . 
yet i hear about it having lots of problems . not to mention the horrible new logo added via a cheap sticker 	corsair , in my opinion , is just nicer than razer . the k70 rgb was a great keyboard . never really heard of any serious problems . 
that would of been extremely funny ahaha . and yea i 'll check it out for sure ! 	yeah it 's on that list that i 'm listening to , or at least it has been . it 's my work time go - to . 
it could be bought subs . it would also be reaching out to the community . there are many ways to market oneself . 	buying sub is against tos right ? he could n't be promote at reddit , he would get shadowbanned earlier already . 
do n't you know all vcu games are played live on the jumbotron at barclays ? 	band gets a great view . 
just finished with the dr mary vernon video . that was great . 	yes - it was very eye opening to me , i watched it prior to starting keto . 
gotta love how the song 's from blind witness . 	would n't have posted it if it was n't metalcore related ! : d edit : holy fuck just realised what you said , blind witness haha . 
my ds is light pink with the deathly hallows symbol on it . this would be my first time doing this and i have a locker full of turnips ! i added you ! 	you will be in group 4 edit : please set your flair so i can add you and make sure to read over the rules and guidelines ! 
alright , sounds good . i 'm free all night , so see you soon . thanks ! 	great news ! my internet appears to be stable again ! gates open ! 
i 've been smashing people in my entity since the start . second car i bought . 	same . i bought the entity at release and have been winning races ever since . 
go watch halloween havoc 1997 instead , it 'll wash that russo taste out . 	i still have the video of this that my folks bought me for christmas that year . i thought it was the greatest wrestling video i had ever seen at that point , haha . 
i prefer to feed my fans elf blood . but houses work also 	as a dwarf fortress player , being able to do this in cities : skylines would make it my favorite game . 
i never use 4 lane roads because 6 lane takes same amount of space . 	6 lanes also do n't spawn lights . 
are you sure trees lower noise pollution ? i tried placing a super dense forest next to a highway but the noise pollution did n't drop a bit . i do n't think they work like that . 	i think quantity does n't matter . personally i add them for the style , but i have n't seen any actual conclusive data . 
your haircut looks wonderful ! great review , too ! 	thank you ! it 's growing on me . i was n't upset that i cut it , but i was n't sure if i liked it . 
thank you for the swatches . i 've been really curious about them and on a liquid lipstick kick lately . i think all three colours look great on you . 	i think they 're definitely worth checking out ! i really want air kiss too , but i think it 'll have to wait for when i have more things to order from dg . 
nipples get sensitive , you can buy some softer shirts , wear a bra , das it . 	i am at work when it happens . i have to abide by the uniform . i even do use a soft undershirt . i do n't wear bras though . 
oh man , sorry to hear that . hope your phone gets fixed soon . 	thanks . way it happened was bullshit . my luck sucks outside of video games . 
it was n't easy for me . i need to apply it on light that 's bright enough , but most of the lights in my apartment are dim . 	true lighting is a must . i centered the ex first and went outward . could have just been luck too . 
is the m logo part of the piece or separate ? i prefer it part of but asking cause i was watching a video that shows it separate . so which option did you choose ? 	i chose wood back with gold m . they come separate but fit together perfectly . 
can the first couple of issues be bought now ? where do you buy them ? 	you can buy the first two issues on ebay , there are a lot of comic stores selling them .  the first issue is already sold out , so it 's going to be a bit more expensive . 
headspace is awesome ! 	agreed . i have been using it for about a month and it 's been great 
well i just got it , but everytime i want to start my session , that video starts . 	check it out . its a neat video 
headspace is awesome ! 	came here to say the same thing ! headspace is great for guided meditation . 
going back after a few years is impossible in this economy . that 's why . 	which economy ? i work with loads of people who have come back to work in the last year or two . 
then she went full betty with the cigarette after . 	it was almost funny , smoking in the dame exact stance as her mother 
2 and 4 happened in season 6 .  on 7 , i would say only joan and pete became millionaires that day . the rest already were . 	you dont care about the company , youre already rich 
i wanted to buy the damn watch . 	it 's not a damn watch . it 's a conversation piece . 
thanks . have you used the stuff that monoprice sells , it seems to be around the same price as the others . 	nope , but i would definitely stay away from it . stick to the trusted brands 
i mean i think they could make some sort of lock - on system that could help with accuracy and lag issues , but still avoidable by humans who roll at the right moment . 	until the sentinel does a 360 turn pretty much on the spot and grabs you anyway . 
hey , why do n't you become a landlord and let pets in there ?  you 'll soon realize that tenants do n't give a fuck about your property . if it says no pets , no pets . move . 	if you do n't want to follow the landlord tennant act , do n't be a landlord . 
having a no pets policy is against the law , so that 's the dick move 	hey , why do n't you become a landlord and let pets in there ?  you 'll soon realize that tenants do n't give a fuck about your property . if it says no pets , no pets . move . 
also , this better be powered by pk again , although i doubt it since it 's mainly festival shows and they will most likely use whatever is there . 	for toronto im pretty sure theyre just going to use the echo beach stage since its set up for most of the summer . 
well , it did n't . but i am a fellow bearded man , who happens to be a swede . 	ah , my bad ! 
another dumb one . should i install the card then download or download first 	with windows install the card . you 'll use default drivers and run at 800x600 but you know your gpu is being used 
also possible , but i 'm sure he has fired several without bolts in it .  none of the guns sound right either . they 're a lot quieter on tv than they are in person . 	correction , they 're a lot fucking louder irl than they are on tv , with the exclusion of anything with a silencer on tv , which somehow sounds about like a nerf gun . 
my father is also a mason , do you also get regularly asked by all his friends when you 're going to join ? 	no i 've met them all before and i 'm not really in a position to join right now . i think its a more casual group that usually exists . 
im a master mason here in nebraska .  that 's the most beautiful wallet i ever seen .  may your grandpa rest in peace forever and ever . 	thanks mister illuminati . 
 1 . get name marked off roll    2 . draw funny pic on ballot    3 . get sausage sizzle  	wrong .  1 . get sausage sizzle .  2 . get named marked off roll .  3 . draw funny pic on ballot .  4 . drop tomato sauce covered ballot paper into box 5 . get sausage sizzle .   
the republic of ireland would like to coordinate with you on this project , and extend the rail line into ireland . 	the united kingdom would be delighted to integrate the rail links . 
even in the sarcastic context , no . 	haha , great username , love it . 
would you rather have dalton or sam bradford start for your favorite team ? 	trick question . sam bradford does n't play . 
a dude who stops supporting the bengals to start sucking off the steelers gets no hat tip from me . 	dude was pointing out the fact that the steelers were an incredibly fun team to watch this year . 
would you rather have dalton or sam bradford start for your favorite team ? 	dalton , because he can stay healthy and there is still hope he can take it to another level . 
would you rather have dalton or sam bradford start for your favorite team ? 	dalton . i can trust he plays 16 games 
whats a good alternative if i will only be playing on 1080p ?   	depends on your price range . the 970 way better at 1080p 
why would you unsub ? you might find a new part you can use as an upgrade . 	i guess you could maybe get some money back with iron egg , but i did that only using the price zombie plugin . 
might have been your card ? i have this card and it 's been running perfect since i got it back in january . no coil whine and the fan is n't too loud . 	i had no coil whine . psu was going bad so replaced it . now i have coil whine . its not bad at all and i do n't even have a side on my case . 
yes , you need a visa . you cannot legally establish permanent residence in canada without one , even if your job is in the us . 	a visa is something you use to apply to gain entry to a country . american 's do not require visa 's to enter canada . 
the plan appears to be less destined to succeed .  oc : can i have some more specifics please ? 	there 's information about taco stores locations on the empire area 
it 's actually press jay , jay being this guy who adventurers around and keeps track of the various details of their lives . 	oooh , that makes sense ! 
annie smiles and starts reading the books maggie gave her about the empire and what her role is . 	according to the books , she will lead small operations 
indeed .  she attempts to carry the book to a nearby table and begin looking through it . 	it 's really heavy . but you manage to 
there is someone running down the hallway outside charlotte 's room . it is so early . 	dan was keeping watch outside , but nodded off to sleep a few hours ago . charlotte 's the most awake , she 'd been napping all day yesterday anyway . she goes to see what 's goin 'down . 
redwings picks it up while bill is providing cover . what is it ? 	 ninja mask obtained ! 
annie looks next to her and breathes a sigh of relief . how badly injured is she ? can she walk or move much ? 	she can move , but still ca n't stand 
i work at a salvage yard and we get stuff like this in all the time .  this guy was driving the speed limit minding his own business when a pickup blew through a red light doing 80 . 	i know it 's far fetched , but do you know if they survived and what came out of the intoxicated driver ? 
i work at a salvage yard and we get stuff like this in all the time .  this guy was driving the speed limit minding his own business when a pickup blew through a red light doing 80 . 	just another example of a fucking moron who probably got his license from a cereal box . 
what is wrong with you ? spamming 1v1s against people that know how to play this game isnt going to make you a better player 	how is he going to learn if he does n't play against better players ? 
my design tech teacher just yelled at me for laughing . have an upvote sir . 	say you 're researching possible ideas for your next project on the side . 
i 've never seen anyone use a selfie stick , either at 16 or any other age . 	i live in la . can confirm multiple sightings both here and in ny . adult and teen alike . 
do not say such words my friend . the button is yet a button . everything else is what we make . why ca n't we make peace ? is humanity cursed to repeat the mistakes of the past ? 	we have no desire for conflict , but we 60s have been chosen , and will work alone towards the betterment of our kind . 
easter and my birthday . woooo . 	happy birthday ! 
i was just thinking about this today . why not do another hulk solo movie , that 's basically an excuse for a she - hulk origin story ? 	because both hulk movies have done really poorly compared to other superhero movies , and they can still make action figures and hulk hands for avengers . 
because both hulk movies have done really poorly compared to other superhero movies , and they can still make action figures and hulk hands for avengers . 	also , they would have to pay mark ruffalo lead money which marvel does n't want to . that is also one of the reasons they do n't want to pursue a black widow movie . 
booo f you people who abuse game mechanics and exploits just because you dont have the time to play the game . thats like saying i dont have the time to work just give me the pay . 	that 's not a good comparison . for one , one of these things is a necessity and the other is entertainment . two , if you did n't have to work , maybe you 'd have time to play this game . 
i understand that you care , but why do you think it 's your problem ? 	because i love her and want her to have the normal life she always wanted to have ? because i feel she 's my responsibility ?  seems like a good reason to me but idk . 
if your imr shows you are overdue you have to go to public heath to have your hiv ordered before going to the laboratory . the lab ca n't order tests for you . 	now the lab orders hiv instead of public health at my base . why do n't you guys have access ? 
this game is so deep . i 'm guessing you can sell breeding with other players ? 	you can breed out your male horses via the breeding market . females are very rare and cannot be placed on the market . 
i do n't know why i did n't think to split up the mandatory bills into two master categories like that . i 'm totally going to adopt that . 	once you get to rule 4 , you wo n't have to worry about it ! 
you could get a bumper replacement for like 80 bucks at a junkyard if you are clever about it . i had to do it once . great looking blazer though ! 	i wanted to get that fixed , but that 's a good idea . thanks man ! 
looks great . i just got a 96 4 door blazer about a month ago and i fell in love with it instantly . i 'm already making plans to get it off road capable 	absolutely do that . these trucks are so much fun to off road in 
what could cause it to stop working ? is it best to just afk right at the farm ? 	sometimes i log on a second user to sit at the farm while i go play . half screen but useful for building elsewhere . 
yeah its entirely plausible . make sure that you stay within the loaded chunk distance of the farm at all times .  if you 're over 5 chunks away , the farm wo n't work 	what could cause it to stop working ? is it best to just afk right at the farm ? 
man ian can probably sell me on just about any line , but yeah it 's silly but it 'll be damned if that 's not an incredibly memorable moment . 	you can just tell he 's having a lot of fun in that movie . 
he made a pretty good argument against sand , though , too . 	well it is coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere . 
the entire scene between anakin and palpatine in the theater . 	in the book its soooooo much better , by far one of my favorite star wars parts ever 
well , they could perform a super - hover - slam with 2 opposing outer engines ! 	in theory it should be possible , just with an insanely small margin for error . i wonder if spacex has the rocket programmed to try that in the case of a failed center engine restart . 
where can i buy acetone ? 	acetone is nail polish remover .  any drug store should have it . 
you turned the saturation up did n't you op ? 	yes , i shoot raw , so everything goes through photoshop for color and post 
can you please post your recipe to what you 're making ?    i need to branch out and cook more diverse vegetables , and this looks great so far ! 	i used this topping over scrambled eggs . it gives them a nice crunch and makes for a colorful presentation . 
lol utorrent .  i do n't even use torrents , but i still know utorrent is a hunk of junk .  do you even malware bro ? 	really ? i open it , it 's fine . no bitcoins being mined , no ads . looks clean and is fast . 
think they could work just the same as mechs ?  just with way less armor and way more jump potential and speed 	why do you think they 're fast ? 
haha class : p well i do love irn bru , would love to try some of the junk food you guys have some day xd 	there 's a lot of it . i eat it everyday . 
i had no idea this was a stereotype . 	neither did i , always thought it was either heroin or e . 
nah , i do n't trust that new xp business . 98 was the standard in computing gainz and if it ai n't broke , why fix it . 	ms - dos 6 . 22 for lyfe . 
they have actually improved comms a lot since katowice . 	true , but there 's still too much chatter . during the site b retake in round 6 , all 4 of the remaining players are talking over each other . 
that bot deserves some love , too . it tries so damned hard . 	yeah . why do people downvote that poor thing sometimes ? 
does n't hurt to be polite ! 	that bot deserves some love , too . it tries so damned hard . 
well , me too . except that it 's fairly poorly done .  those lines do n't look very good . 	i dunno if you noticed how wrinkly that foot skin is , but it 's not going to be perfect . it looks fine it 's a thin line . 
it 's neatly written , it 's simple , the words likely mean something to her , and it 's easily hidden on her foot . i do n't see what the problem is . 	the only real issue i have with it is the asterisk over the i does n't really line up , but that could just be the foot too 
i dunno if you noticed how wrinkly that foot skin is , but it 's not going to be perfect . it looks fine it 's a thin line . 	it 's certainly not terrible but i do n't think it 's all that great either 
i 'm considering that myself . such a lazy , risky thing to do . but shit , i did n't get fat by being motivated and responsible . 	yeah man do n't kill your brain with amphetamines in the name of being a lazy fuck though the amphetamine will definitely not make you a lazy fuck any more . 
what the hell are you talking about , we did n't get the weather effects for free and all the other map changes are seasonal . 	yeah new bloom , winter maps every now and then ? i never talked about weather effects . 
montero has a career . 341 obp . that 's pretty good .  edit : but yeah , looking forward to see russel at 2b rather than herrera 	but he 's been dreadful so far . i know its early but he had a sub . 700 ops the past 2 years . he 's there for his experience 
he 's more than likely not used to cold weather 	well , at least it 's not skin cancer . 
hey cub bros . what are your thoughts on the outfield renovations and what 's the eta ? 	i 've heard left and right field bleachers will be done in may and the rest in june .  video board looks great so far , from what i 've seen at tv . still gotta make it out to a game . 
commando master race !  hits 42 - 18 - 25 and now has a decently quick reload time ! been using it as my main ar for a while . 	it also has a nice hipfire modifier . 
commando master race !  hits 42 - 18 - 25 and now has a decently quick reload time ! been using it as my main ar for a while . 	and now it has that crazy fast reload speed ! you must be loving that . 
is there an ad free link ? 	i did n't get any ads . but i saw this on mobile . may be you could try that . i do n't have another link . times now has made their copy on youtube private . 
i get the second part and that 's probably true .  but there 's no guarantee he 's getting a better wife and better castle . he could easily get shafted once again . 	a bird in the bush is worth two in the void . 
oh yeah , clearly exactly like neo . you were ct on inferno playing site b , the resemblance is uncanny . 	iam playin t site .  just sayin cause i was surprised by myself 
to be fair people way overuse the phobia idea nowadays . usually it 's not a legitimate phobia , but just a dislike . 	yea i do n't pretend to understand the classification of stuff like that . i just know i wo n't go near a spider out of what feels like fear , and i have zero control over it . 
yea , because having a legitimate psychological fear of something makes me a bitch . now i 'm being serious , fuck you . 	to be fair people way overuse the phobia idea nowadays . usually it 's not a legitimate phobia , but just a dislike . 
i ca n't do audio books . i space out too easily without the text in front of me . 	ah that sucks , the music , voice acting and sound effects really make it great . 
well , from what i 've read about uber , the answer is : they do n't . they have enough people who want to drive that they do n't need to worry about it . 	wow , that seems fair and like they care about their employees . 
and the free market will give them business or not depending on what they charge . 	the free market is a complete and total fiction . anyone who uses that as a reason why something will work is either a liar or a fool . 
cab drivers are going to charge whatever the hell they want . it 's going to be a shit show . 	and the free market will give them business or not depending on what they charge . 
thin ice buddy ! 	i 'm not your buddy , pal . 
wow this sub sure has changed its mind on these services . 	has it ? i still think uber is a shitty business , run by assholes , but that 's not a reason to dent them entry to the market . 
wait , do they all stop ? 	yes . as far as i know . do n't know what all the service workers or strippers do to get home either . 
how many cities in the us do you think have better public transit than portland ? i can think of only four , san francisco , nyc , dc , boston . 	sf is , for the most part , a lot worse . 
you 'll be singing a different tune when the unregulated heathen uber drivers start breaking into your house , raping children and dumping fluoride in the water supply . 	hahaha and another american family is ruined . 
wow this sub sure has changed its mind on these services . 	i believe it is more of choosing between a shit sandwich and a giant douche . except the giant douche is a lot more convenient to use . 
huh . for me , especially when combined with her expression , it just made her look really board and uninterested . like she was n't really feeling it . 	i think she 's just a bit absent , caught up in the feeling so she ca n't quite concentrate . a lot of people do go a bit soft when something goes up their ass . 
thanks . i was n't really sure how to put what they did . and man i 'm sorry to hear that , mike only took about an hour including prep 	no problem , i thought it was worth saying in case you were worried about ending up with a glow - in - the - dark dick . 
im 21 now . recommendations for booze ? 	i 'd say get into knowing the taste of beer . whisky , vodka , all that comes and goes , but beer is eternal . 
so glad the tech consumer is now on the same level as people driving ford trucks that have decals of calvin peeing on a chevy logo or vice versa . 	i actually am glad that tech is accessible to that level . i can focus on actually chatting with my parents when we talk instead of wasting time fixing the computer . 
there must be money to be made for r 's in announcing a run for the presidency .   	book deals , possibility of being fox news contributors , speaking fees after their term ends as governors , etc etc . seems like all the republican governors are running for president 
what concert is this ? i have pretty much the exact same photo . 	the memphis show last wednesday . 
my potato is so bad it ca n't even run this game . get on my potato - level . 	i once worked at a fish - and - chip shop and my role was to turn potatoes into chips . actual true story . 
gr8 b8 m8 , i kno ur kind . : 0 	just give me a hug . i promise i wo n't bite . 
ya , i 'm not really worried either , i kinda like the aspect of having real life cost , in game . 	exactly - i 'm happy to have a fleet of ships that i 'll still have to work for in order to actually make them useful . 
this deserves more upvotes so more people can see this temporary fix .  nice find ! 	i just submitted a link on the main subreddit for better visibility , since threads like this usually wo n't show up unless you 're looking in the new posts section . 
im on 1 . 0 i thought the aerodynamics were supposed to be better now ? also does far even support 1 . 0 ? 	i do n't know if it does . the aero is better . but not yet perfect , it looks like . 
you can make them in muffin cups and not worry about cleaning the pan . 	the tin foil kind work great for this . 
i hate to be the critic , but that is a terribly written article . 	no , you 're right . it reads like a last - minute high school essay trying to reach the word minimum . 
what do i owe ya for the ride ?  tree fiddy ! 	dammit , monster ! get off the road ! 
i do n't think op would have been satisfied to just learn the names . i thought the guy you responded to asked a reasonable question . 	this is where we must agree to disagree , i guess . 
i think it would be easier to narrow down if it were n't pouring rain . 	i know you 're joking but it was autumn 1977 . it did n't pour down rain in seattle back then . 
this is a solution for people who do n't want friends . 	and playing empty tank roulette is for people who want a pissed off wife . 
you 've obviously never lived in northern california . outdoor crops withstand 100 degree days for months on end and come out fine . 	that 's fine for outdoor , we are taking about indoor , welcome to the conversation . if your temps indoor are 100 degrees you 're going to have a bad time i guarantee it . 
we were just gonna get a big bottle of co2 , i think they 're pretty cheap around here , but i had never heard of the method you mentioned so i 'll look into that too . 	co2 would be great for your room also because plants like to be in the 90 - 95 degree f range with co2 , vs 75 - 85 f without . so you can run your ac that much less . 
you are providing the service of public mobile entertainment . and i bet you are more noticed by surrounding vehicles in traffic . hilarious and practical . 	dancing pandas on red lights ? worth every second of it 
downvotes on a legitimate question ? go into training mode and see . twats . 	people downvote stuff for various and sometimes stupid reasons . it happens . do n't act like a twat . 
no , takeda 's d1 is slower than kano 's b1 . the fastest move takeda has is his d2 , which is 8 frames . and it still only trades . 	d3 is faster than d2 . is n't d2 the uppercut ? 
run it past the friend first . 	she knows that i like her friend . my friend was the one who kinda suggested that she was single and is a nice girl . 
i do n't agree with him , but he 's allowed to have an opinion . 	a wrong opinion . hahahaha 
he aged 40 years in less than a day after being born ? harsh . 	guy was juicing on vibranium , does crazy shit to a person . 
what if my girlfriend and i both wanted to rent decks , is their a maximum amount of cards that can be rented ? 	in general there is no limit on the number of cards that can be ordered . 
so how long are you allowed to rent the decks for ? 	anywhere from a weekend up to 30 days . you can select the time period that works best for you on the cart page when checking out . 
this seems very cool . i 'm sure i 'll end up using it sometime . do you do or plan on doing pickup at events in the future ? 	yes . last saturday we offered pickup at the tcg diamond 5k event in indianapolis . a post will be made on twitter and facebook when this option is available . 
yes . last saturday we offered pickup at the tcg diamond 5k event in indianapolis . a post will be made on twitter and facebook when this option is available . 	that is a major selling point . you need to be advertising that feature more . 
right now it is 30 days . if you are interested in a longer term rental please contact us and i 'm sure we can work something out that works for you . 	cool , i do like the sound of that . thanks ! 
interested in the one night stand palette if it does n't go ! 	i will let you know if the other fall through ! 
what shade is the tarte foundation ? 	whoops , i forgot that ! it is light sand . i edited it in , thank you ! 
whoops , i forgot that ! it is light sand . i edited it in , thank you ! 	okay , thanks ! it 's not my color . sad . 
i wonder if the ice cube trays were designed for that kind of heat ? 	i have seen cupcake molds made of the same material , and just to be safe i test ran it at like 400 for 30 min and it was fine . 
i would ask for a banana for scale but now i am too afraid . 	we can finally have a 1 : 1 banana to strawberry ratio in our smoothies and such ! 
i 've never had the luck to get one , but it may just be the thumbnail for them in the backpack shows a darker color . 	yes , they just show up in the inventory as a grey - ish colour . but they 're shiny white in the game . 
i feel like you 're mad at something else and it 's causing you to be a dick . was it your father ? what did he do to you , you 're in a safe place you can tell me . 	my father is actually a nice guy . childish too . other people would tell you , if they hear him in the background . i cant tell . 
nunu is disengage , gnar is not reliable and alistar isnt as difficult to play against as like say sivir 	yeah nunu 's disengage , but he chases disgustingly well too , if he snowballs xerath the entire team can just walk on him and kill him . 
just look how many times febiven 's been forced to ult defensively this game , he would have been dead everytime as xerath . 	this is wrong , since xerath can position himself much more defensive to farm and deal damage . 
his loot is all lopsided . i would have removed every drop of gold and elixir with extreme prejudice . 	i was feeling generous , and was getting trophies back after the silver rush . 
ayyy lmao i was the guy you were talking to the whole time sitting before the meet . 	hey ! nice chatting with you , man . 
i remember seeing you - you were the first fan in ! hope you had a great time ! 	i had an excellent time !  also , thanks for the shirt and swag ! 
it 's weird seeing the c9 crowd without hai , but incarnation looks like he fits right in .  looking forward to seeing them play next split 	he 's gotta work on his signature a bit though lol , if he said it was n't his first one i would n't believe him . 
i do n't think mods remove posts simply because it has no flair . 	usually the mods help tag them instead . at one time , faster than me tagging my own post 
heck yea most downvoted ! 	lame , fuck reddit . i like how downvotes make no sense whatsoever . 
i get that it 's not your ordinary game , but as an interactive artwork it is fucking fantastic . lost on you i guess . 	it 's not ordinary . it 's not fun . it 's a fucking sperm flying around a world that is trying too hard to be yellow submarine . 
it 's not ordinary . it 's not fun . it 's a fucking sperm flying around a world that is trying too hard to be yellow submarine . 	i enjoyed it so fucking much i was sad to see the credits roll .  different strokes for different folks or some shit . 
when you want to drink it first thing in the morning . 	i had gin and orange juice this morning before my buddy came over to jam . then i had a couple beers . does that mean i have a problem ? 
awesome , nice list ! any chance that you could set up a google sheet doc with that info ? 	yes . i have it on excel so i 'll put it on when i get the chance . 
you rock . i was just searching for info on when i can expect thors , and you got it all in one place . thanks ! 	no problem . i did my fair share of searching . there did n't seem to be much in the way of clear information , so i figured i 'd organize it . 
it 's fine it turns into a comfortable 6 fps online , oh such fun ! on a bright note it should be fully upgraded by mid june : d 	seems nice , not too fast for your eyes , real cinematic feel ! good luck with the upgrade , hope that happens to me too .   
it 's expensive stuff on the west coast of the u . s . idk if if varies by coast but i imagine so . 	yeah , they 're pretty pricy is aus too . got some quality products though 
depends , if your isp has sent you a copyright notice before you probably should . if you are n't getting any i do n't see the point . 	you probably do . almost certainly if you 're downloading recent copyrighted material . those swarms are monitored , and everybody can see your ip . 
cool story . not sure if it 's true , but cool story . 	i 've been told when it 's cold like that they will crawl into a dead cow for warmth . 
what 's the concise disguise menu ? 	it changes the normal 1 - 9 disguise numbers to being 1 - 3 , first time selecting offensive , defensive , or support classes . then you choose the actual class you want . 
i wish you would have stepped to the left to center and straighten the lines . maybe kneel down just a tad to add more of that ceiling geometry . 	and maybe even waited for everyone to meet in the middle . 
thanks for the info , is that yearly or per semester ? 	yearly it expires august 31st of the next year . 
just have cash ready and be prepared to do a full engine rebuild and some body work touch up . then search and search and search and get lucky . 	have access to at least 5 - 10k and live in co . they 're usually for sale once or twice a month if you 're looking in the right places . 
what 's the point in having a wedding and rings and all that ? ca n't you just start living together and that 's that ? 	it 's a tradition .  and you can play with them , like you have super powers ! 
what 's the point in having a wedding and rings and all that ? ca n't you just start living together and that 's that ? 	i 'm not married , but i love parties , so why not have one for such a great occasion ? 
hah ! i 'd be six feet in the ground if i called my wife a bitch . 	lol yeah some women get offended by it .  i could not care less . 
how long did it take you before you started farting without restraint in front of your so ? 	i have never used the toilet in front of my husband . but i understand from friends that is unusual . farts - while a wake maybe a year but i still say excuse me . 
is it true that the sex becomes far less frequent after marriage ? 	not after marriage , just after years . the wedding does n't change it . 
how can a relationship still feel good if the drive to have sex is n't really there anymore ? does n't that feel odd , on the deepest of human levels ? i realize i 'm simplifying here , btw 	being best friends , having common interests , doing everything together as a team , having fun together . sex is not necessary , it 's just another good experience of being together . 
looks sexy , did you run cold ? 	yes i had the supply tank in a dry ice slurpee and pre froze the columns . 
yes i had the supply tank in a dry ice slurpee and pre froze the columns . 	do you find that lowers your yield ? when testing we noticed a sharp drop off past around - 50c 
i 'm not an expert on race car formula , so i 'm not sure how effective this would be . mad props though for thinking outside the box . 	thanks ! yeah , i just want something to make the competition a little tighter . 
no . if you 're going to wait on science to prove things , you 'll be waiting for forever . 	science does n't prove things . it can only disprove based on evidence and observation . 
i 'm a christian , i think dinosaurs are cool . my favourites are the velociraptors from jurassic world , and my least favourites are those crappy animatronic ones from the show dinosaurs .   	i kind of like the idea of god creating dinosaurs first like in spore , but then getting bored of them and deleting the save file to start again . 
you 're tossing an awful lot of people into a very small boat . 	well , relatively speaking noah did the same thing . two of every animal is still a lot of animals , especially packed onto a wooden vessel . 
and yet will still be here after you 've been in the ground for 1000 years . 	child indoctrination is a powerful tool . get 'em before they can understand what you 're trying to teach them . 
i have n't finished the season yet , it just seems like they are forcing it a little to me . the line seems to be blurring a bit in my opinion . 	i would say , do n't sweat it . by the end of the season , it 's hardly batman - esque . 
lets release a world switcher for a game no one can use because our servers are being destroyed . 	and what are the content devs supposed to do until then ? sit around doing nothing ? get your head out of your ass . 
the good news is good news for the poor . and capitalism thrives on crushing the poor , friend . 	do n't merely repeat your thesis . advance it . counter my post . give more substance . 
stop the blood shed stop the violence ! 	i 'm looking forward to watching some hot bot - on - bot action . 
would definitely be my choice if i was going for a keeper - batsman , but my philosophy is to always pick the best keeper . 	fair enough , and it 's not like your batting lineup is starved of depth anyway curious about warwick armstrong though - is he there for his captaincy abilities , or batting ? 
yea , not really too sure where stuff went wrong . possibly when sfm tried to output the cobble in its buffer into the ae machine , ill do some testing at some point and see if i can recreate it . 	it was probably the sheer memory usage of the recursive crafting . in hindsight , i really should have known better than to think that would go smoothly xd 
no , the most important part is it 's my birthday . 	me too buddy . happy 24th . 
i 'm guessing the river will go down before long . 	yeah , which will probably be just about the time the next line of storms hits . 
no , the most important part is it 's my birthday . 	happy birthday ! we all pitched in and got you rain ! 
relatively speaking , but i 'm glad i was able to make it out in one piece , thank you for asking man . 	did your insurance cover the damage ? 
jesus reaches over from the passenger seat and grabs the wheel so you can hit bowls . 	learning to drive with your knee is necessary . 
is this fake ? we were in the premium outlets in san marcos all day and just drove back to austin for supper . 	it was n't fake . it was from the morning or day before . i went to the outlets around 2 p . m . yesterday and there was no water on the road . 
no , the most important part is it 's my birthday . 	happy birthday ! 
i live off of 206 , unfortunately my car was fully submerged in the flood as well with most of the cars in my apartment complex . 	sorry man . your house okay ? 
im supposed to go to san antonio on tuesday . think it will clear up by then ? 	we 're expecting a heavy rainfall event on monday . 
sorry man . your house okay ? 	relatively speaking , but i 'm glad i was able to make it out in one piece , thank you for asking man . 
shit , he did n't get that lift kit for nothin . 	hold ma beer . 
infamous second son or watch dogs ? 	i have been meaning to play second son . let 's trade ! this is my first trade ; how do we go about this ? just mail them out at the same time ? 
from pictures it seems that the keys are further spaced than a keyboard . from your experience do you think it would be hard to switch back and forth from the osu ! keyboard to a regular mech ? 	i would say the spacing is far more comfortable for playing osu ! than a normal keyboard . 
would love to see atkins ground and pounded by chris weidman and see how he escapes the mount . 	you mean the low - carb diet guy ? probably pretty badly . 
any things you really want from your team ?  budget ? 	i want a bronze , silver and bsg . i will specify the players later . 
so you think that 's an attempt to make bayonetta feel bad for what she 's doing and change her behaviour accordingly ? really ? 	oh then i guess her being sexy should be no problem whatsoever in the first place because she is n't a real woman by that logic . 
uh not sure what in the world that is supposed to prove . 	to claim media has nothing to do with the patriarchy is bs . hear the , laugh about domestic abuse . this is what kids were watching growing up . 
yeah wtf , gg is by definition a conspiracy theory , its not science 	conspiracy theories and science are n't mutually exclusive . 
no , they 've just had life experiences that made them realize they needed to shut up about how hard it is to be a white dude when a non white dude complains about something . 	as a non - white dude what the fuck are you on about mate ? 
no , they 've just had life experiences that made them realize they needed to shut up about how hard it is to be a white dude when a non white dude complains about something . 	it 's kind of racist and sexist to assume that someone 's complaints are less important just because they are white and male . every person 's life experiences are different . 
i get it , agg are better people than most , stop bragging about it 	no , they 've just had life experiences that made them realize they needed to shut up about how hard it is to be a white dude when a non white dude complains about something . 
oh , so it 's ok to criticize something , only as long as you 're in the majority ? is that it ? 	no , but you should n't expect a company to cater to such a small minority of their customers . 
one of the most racist and bigoted pieces of tripe i have read on here , that is impressive . 	there 's the response i knew was coming ! you never disappoint . reread it carefully , i mean , you 're the poster child for half of what is said there . 
could you explain why it 's funny ? seems like an annoying misuse of the function . 	its funny because i have a slight sense of humor . it appears that you do not 
a guess : pry bar or breaching tool , intended to gain forced entry . 	it isnt flat it 's round 
it does n't have to be flat . i own several that have a point . 	oh i 've never seen a round pry bar 
think of the children ! they might see a nipple ! 	was n't there a post like this about america watching someone play amnesia ? 
it can be if you also have kids who play on the system . 	think of the children ! they might see a nipple ! 
think of the children ! they might see a nipple ! 	meh , i 'm just playing devil 's advocate . i could care less if my kids see some nudity or whatever . 
great picture , especially since i 'm in it ! 	awesome ! sorry if i disrupted your view taking the picture 
i 'm not an expert on this but i do n't think that they will let you in . there 's nothing to prevent you from just skipping that flight and staying in the country illegally . 	well i still have to go through the immigration to exit the ireland airport i believe . 
that 's ugly . kills the whole style of the car by slapping on unwanted chrome . 	eh , i 'm just happy there phasing out the tacky blacked out wheels . 
she is both of those things , and she 's also a total grump in a really funny way ! 	grumpy cats can be so fun haha . 
not a net positive . 	best paying position , a cop . sure . 
you 've apparently never had a union job . 	or government job . 
joy from other 's pain 	yes , i phrased wrong , do you feel it ? 
sounds awesome ! might get this one first instead of star wars . 	is there any confirmation that you 'll just be able to buy the disk in north america ? or is it digital only here ? 
what made you think giving nvidia more money by upgrading to the 980 was a good idea ? 	we agreed with my store to do an upgrade to a discounted 980 , which i then sold soon after . the 970 thing left a bad taste in my mouth . 
in this picture the bone is also dislocated and fractured , the doctor had to snap it back into place seconds later . 	nothin 'a band - aid ca n't solve . 
why would any bridge have a fuzzy carpet on top ? 	so you can lay on it and take a nap . 
why would any bridge have a fuzzy carpet on top ? 	it 's supposed to be moss 
a falcon punch ? 	falcon k - k - kick 
you can fly , once 	fall with style , right ? 
my god do i wish i could fly . 	dear god , make me a bird . so i could fly far . far far away from here . 
fall with style , right ? 	wave your hands in the air like you just do n't care ! 
he could fly anywhere but is loyal to this spec on the ground . amazing . 	more like loyal to the food . raptors do n't establish a love relationship like a dog would . 
i wish the camera could simulate the bird 's eyesight . 	i would be cool to have side - by - side images . the first with what we see and the second with what the raptor sees . 
you can fly , once 	just throw yourself at the ground and miss . 
are there any complete store bought soups that fit the numbers ? 	i 'm not sure but my big issue was not getting enough sodium in my diet , i have been pretty good at everything else . 
absolutely agree . i played the demo and immediately bought the season pass afterwards . its going to suck waiting for episode 2 though . 	haha , same here . i never buy that season pass crap either . although this time around , i purchased it without hesitation . 
really wish you could buy the jersey with the proper coat of arms like the player 's version 	i disagree . i feel you earn the right to play for your country and the coat of arms is representative of that . 
bought a jersey before the asian cup but i really want that champions patch on it . guess ill wait till the patch appears on ebay . 	please let me know or make a post when you see the patch appears somewhere : p 
sheltered ? 	because every damn person in the world uses plastic grocery bags and garbage bags . but i did n't want to be mean so i used the word sheltered instead of ignorant haha 
honest to god i did n't know it was so common , do n't get so inflammatory 	no , fuck off cunt . i 'll seriously cut off your fucking head and keep it in my freezer , as a reminder to never be like you in any way shape or form . you 're an absolute fucking disgrace . 
i do not . i live in portland ; plastic grocery bags are banned . 	what do you do with the garbage ? 
i 'm touchy about a lot of things fam . like cat dicks 	i do n't know how to feel about this . i 'm just gonna go . 
i use them primarily as dog - poop bags .  edit : the small plastic bags for vegetables 'n stuff . i always bring a cardboard banana - box to stuff all my groceries in . 	oh yea i get you . those smaller bags usually make no use at my house but we keep them anyway 
i 've got a female one with dragon dance egg move . 	that would be great ! would you prefer a male or female one ? they both have the same egg moves but i 'd need to use the reminder to put them back on the ladies . 
i 'd kinda prefer a female if possible . if it makes you feel better the bagon has 4 ivs 	no problem . i 've got heart scales for days . i think the last mother i had was 4iv too . 
fuck anyone downvoting this , we need to encourage more of this !   	lol , let me post mine and see the results , k ? 
fuck anyone downvoting this , we need to encourage more of this !   	if half the people in this sub made a post every time they get within the top 10 of the daily leader board the front page would be covered in shit . 
are you poor ? 	below the poverty line my friend but i live a pretty swell life so i ca n't complain . besides , things my change one day . 
well here in america , we speak the proper form of english .   'murican english , or simply 'murican , if you prefer . 	wave that fucking flag in their tyrannical faces free man ! 
2005 accord what what . great fucking car . runs super well . also the best stock sound system i 've heard in any car . 	my car cam with kick and sound system and a built in sub and amps ! 
hey i know that brick wall , and those bushes ! do you by any chance live on earth ?  edit : whoa . thanks , whoever . and no it was n't me haha 	i 'm viewing london . 
boo ! haha , i am a spooky ghost ! 	pls ! i 'm about 2 take a shower an this is real scare 4 me . 
bird shit and rain ? that car is black . black cars can generate filth in a vacuum within hours of being cleaned . 	unless you love washing and waxing your car , black is not a good choice . white on the other hand , still looks clean after 3 months of winter . 
the world is n't divided into awesome things and shitty things . most things are just fine , albeit unimpressive . a honda accord is one of those things . it 's just fine . 	they 're great cars . i 'll never understand why some people reject anything that is n't a performance car . it 's such a narrow minded point of view . 
painting calipers does n't make them any better , all you 've done is reinforce my statement . 	you initially said that painting your calipers a bright color was better than painting your drums . i claimed there was no difference between them . 
ca n't believe that worked edit : so much money is being wasted on these golds , thanks anyway 	who the fuck is giving you guys all gold ? 
not hating on the sub cause it 's hilarious , but it does kinda pick and choose certain aspects of black culture that present a skewed image . 	yeah , according to this sub , things are only funny if they adhere to the stereotypes of black people that the mods find funny . it 's kinda racist . 
yeah , according to this sub , things are only funny if they adhere to the stereotypes of black people that the mods find funny . it 's kinda racist . 	especially that black father shit . 
correction - bloody palace was n't in dmc 3 . it was in dmc 3 : special edition a year later , however , and that certainly was n't free . 	ah , thanks for correcting me . 
spring 2015 , was it ? or early 2015 ? that 's all they 've said about it . 	it was summer 2015 from the first definitive edition trailer . 
that 's not really the point . even the lamest person can feel powerful and look cool in bayonetta 2 . 	yeah but that 's not what most of us want out of this kind of game . we want skill to be involved . 
drop for mcgary ? 	i 'm going to wait another game . then i might . 
still does n't change the fact that i wo n't play it , but i will test fly it ! 	looks funny as he 'll but flys like expected slow and weak 
not in my town . 54 arrests for possession alone last week 	how many people live there ? 
i loved that post . but op came clean and said it was made up . 	wait what ? where ? 
i do the same thing but only because i do n't know shit about wine . 	all i know about wine is that for the price of a glass at a restaurant , you can buy a whole bottle at the grocery store . 
ugh . i wish i lived in the land of worthwhile happy hours . 	seriously . who the fuck can make happy hour ? i do n't get out of the office until 7 at the earliest . 
one of the hottest moments in my youth was doing it on the hood of my car in the rain by the banks of the fraser river in british columbia . 	that actually does sound insanely enticing . too bad its 4 degrees here and i have no bodies to try it out with 
all i know about wine is that for the price of a glass at a restaurant , you can buy a whole bottle at the grocery store . 	ditto hard liquor at a bar . for the cost of two or three drinks , we could own the whole bottle . 
i do n't hide that shit . fuck yeah , i 'm using a groupon . if you think that 's cheap , i have some bad news for you : i am . 	my man . show them you have priorities on when you spend your money . 
why do you dislike the new england variety ? poor quality regional ingredients ?   	probably just a bad transition coming from la or it might just be this specific place . they 're just very bland but marketed as healthy . 
always peel the price tag off wine before you show up somewhere .  regardless of a date or a house party . 	if they judge a wine solely by its price they do n't know what good wine is anyway . 
always peel the price tag off wine before you show up somewhere .  regardless of a date or a house party . 	what kind of ghetto wine shops are you going to with stick - on price tags ?  step your game up , son . 
wait , you normally wear new clothes to dates too ? 	nope , just poking some good - natured fun at the post from yesterday . 
beach sex is the worst . so much sand in the vag . 	one of the hottest moments in my youth was doing it on the hood of my car in the rain by the banks of the fraser river in british columbia . 
across the street from the bar i saw the super bowl at , there was a bead store .  they were fairly busy . 	yeah beads are serious fucking business bro . 
why do these rich as fuck nfl players smoke weed in public areas ? i do n't get it 	because smoking weed in public areas when it 's nice out is way better than doing it in your house 
because smoking weed in public areas when it 's nice out is way better than doing it in your house 	he was in the car with a roach , no ? roll your shit , go wherever you gotta go , smoke all of it and then leave . 
no it 's not that big . is it ? 	its actually fairly big , overworld and dungeons and small locations too . 
i 'm also in socal , more specifically in the san diego area . 	hmmm , would you do megaman for captain falcon ? if yes , make a quick post here and let 's take it to pms ? 
i have jp nib captain falcon . i 'll trade for sonic or mega man , prefer mega man . 	where are you located ? i 'd like to trade you the sonic so that i can also trade for the uk pit . does that work for you ? 
losing weight is not just about working out . you have to maintain a very clean diet as well . you would be surprised how fast you can lose weight when it 's done properly . 	she did n't say anything about losing weight . just to start working out and complete a race . 
hmm well i do n't think i can find it any time soon . feel free you use your id and stuff .   	if you trade me a pokemon caught by you , i can check it . 
mine just got shipped ! expected arrival is the 20th ! 	very nice ! hopefully they do n't ship it in a plastic shopping bag . 
too bad this was the only way to get them from future shop : s 	and best buy . they are really shitting the bed lately , seriously . 
mine came in the rectangle cardboard containers they usually use for games . it looks fine though . 	same . mine came in a cardboard envelope with the n3ds fairly tightly packed so no room for bobble . maybe we lucked out ? 
it is fun when i 'm watching it over again and i catch something i never did or went over my head . 	yes ! there are a lot of jokes that went over my head as a kid , but now they 're hilarious . and the lessons are still relevant 
i am a die hard spongebob fan . everybody my age group who watched it growing up is a die hard fan . ask them about any spongebob episode , and a lengthy conversation will ensue . 	it is fun when i 'm watching it over again and i catch something i never did or went over my head . 
it 's got to be between the simpsons and futurama . i 'll put those on just to have background noise on in the house or whenever i 'm bored and ca n't find anything else to watch . 	seasons 3 - 10 of the simpsons are some of the best tv around 
waiting for my dinner right now , it 's gonna involve psyduck and magikarp ! 	you need to stop eating so much d : 
thank you goran for the memories during your time here . now fuck you and good riddance . do n't let the door hit you on your way out . 	how come the fo gets a pass ? 
yo man my name is joe  all the cool kids have a name reference in their handle , get with it again 	in my mind you 're actually joe montana , you retired in phoenix and decided your favorite sport was actually basketball and your team is the suns . 
glad we do n't have to fuck with fair - weather fans anymore . peace out ! 	i thought bledsoe was the best player on the team ? why would the weather be foul ? 
what the fuck are you talking about ? 	you shit on the suns , and this sub at the same time . what kind of fucking reaction did you expect ? 
and it did until just yesterday . look how everyone turned on him after one bad day . 	you are completely correct . but you are on the wrong sub to receive upvotes . i 'll still like him . he did do us wrong bet we did him and his brother wrong first . 
glad we do n't have to fuck with fair - weather fans anymore . peace out ! 	did this guy just become a heat fan ? gross 
not bad actually , i have only had them in the bottles for a week now , but i had to try at least one ! 	it will definitely be better in a weeks time . my amber took about 2 - 3 weeks to fully condition in the bottle 
beautiful color . what have you got there ? 	it 's an american amber , a kit was purchased for me as a gift . ca n't wait to start on the next one , i 'm addicted . 
piston ars are dumb . if you really want a piston , get a gun actually designed with one . plus you get rid of a lot of the pros of an ar going to a piston . 	yeah , i did n't realize that that there is no standard for piston ar 's so if i ever wanted to swap parts i 'm out of luck . 
interesting , same here and just started yesterday . i have n't gotten the lollipop update , do have the latest before that . did you install any recent apps ? 	i installed popcorn time today and uninstalled it just to be sure and the location thing still happened . and i 'm with bell so i have the latest update before lollipop aswell 
thanks for the clarification , i do have developer options already enabled .  i will check this setting . 	you 're welcome ! this was a frustrating error so i 'm glad there is a solution 
i installed popcorn time today and uninstalled it just to be sure and the location thing still happened . and i 'm with bell so i have the latest update before lollipop aswell 	are there any updates on a fix for this ? i noticed this happening to my g3 about the same time as everyone else but just found this thread . 
how does one engage in homosexual acts and remain straight ? 	it 's only gay if you like it . 
i have no direction in life , or any hope of making it in any of the fields offered to a science grad 	can you change your major ? if you did would you have more hope ? 
i am right there with you . do you have decently rich parents that are paying for college . 	nope , i will have to pay back when i start earning over 60k a year , which makes it seem almost like it 's free 
wait , vanilla extract contains alcohol ? 	yep , i believe the alcohol is used as a solvent when producing extract . how anyone could drink it though i 'll never know . 
yep , i believe the alcohol is used as a solvent when producing extract . how anyone could drink it though i 'll never know . 	we used to pour the whole thing into a bottle of coke . vanilla coke with a kick . 
yep , i believe the alcohol is used as a solvent when producing extract . how anyone could drink it though i 'll never know . 	can confirm , i knew punks who did this in secondary school . why they did n't just raid the pill cabinet like a regular teenager is beyond me 
the smallest fuel bottle is enough for me to cook for 2 people for a weekend trip . the heat setting i just meant things burn easily . 	oh thats good , could use a stove for backup purposes then .  and no one likes burnt food haha 
thanks . i 'm actually in a relatively weird financial situation right now , so i 'm not so sure about how well i 'd be able to accomplish the second point . 	baller on a budget man , go into second hand clothing stores and see what you can dig up . personal presentation goes a long way 
they 're really professional , and their code is pretty good most of the time . 	that 's not a good enough reason to give development people the say so on your security policy 
the fixing will be my problem .  the reason for it will be for them to explain .  i love fixing stuff other people break . as long as you do n't rush me , or yell at me . 	a 30 minute turnaround is n't prompt enough for them , you think you 'll not be rushed to fix what they break ? 
i called the attitude of thinking we 're useless and have no real opinion shitty and incorrect . 	i did n't say we were useless , or have no real opinion . please reply with a valid comment before automatically disagreeing with me 
the minish cap is one of the best games to start with . the difficulty is low , it sticks close to the formula of the series and its an all around beautiful fun game . 	i usually suggest link to the past , but you 're right . mc is shorter and easier and i personally think it 's far better . 
you 've really gotta be on your toes , and be able to aim right at heads in an instant . luckily i played hours and hours of halo swat back in the day . 	i used swat as a warm up for normal slayer matches . that instant aim for the head has been burned into my muscle memory . good times . 
the destiny player base is quite diverse indeed . i use that helm a lot and have never seen it 's benefits . the other perk makes up for it though . perhaps i should pay better attention . 	i 'll add : that particular problem really only occurred with me in pvp during iron banner - i have n't experienced it as a big issue otherwise . 
here 's what i 've never understood : if it 's true , as bungie claims , that exotics are meant to merely look and sound cool but not be any more powerful , then why can we only equip one ? 	same with armor .  or why they would make exotic boots for titans and hunters but leave us poor warlocks out in the cold . 
in hm raids , the perk for faster revives is obviously the most useless . outside of those , it 's still not terribly useful . 	seriously . why is that perk on raid gear . 
agreed about no land beyond . in the mean time , i love using it in pvp to piss people off . 	i gotta admit . when i take nlb into action , the only one being pissed is myself , because i bought it . 
same with armor .  or why they would make exotic boots for titans and hunters but leave us poor warlocks out in the cold . 	you got an additional set of chest armor . no big . 
fyi , if you 're in the tower as the reset ends iron banner , you can still reroll for a while . 	so i tried this last ub and it did not work . that barrier never dropped . i had to go into orbit and then my rank reset . i think be in orbit , go to the tower after reset 
i can count lots of times i 've died mid - nova bomb , sometimes only getting one of my three out before i die . i love this perk . 	the destiny player base is quite diverse indeed . i use that helm a lot and have never seen it 's benefits . the other perk makes up for it though . perhaps i should pay better attention . 
fair enough . i do n't use it because i do n't really use shotguns that much . or know what the gun really has to offer . 	it 's really more of a pvp weapon , although maybe the shotgun buff today will improve its usefulness in pve 
this gets me wondering what the most useless exotic perk is period . not useless to the specific item but any item . 	zoom for the golden gun on the arachnid helmet . 
it 's on the exotic helmet light beyond nemesis .  it 's also on the crest of alpha lupi for both the hunter and titan .  the perk for reviving teammates is not on any raid gear whatsoever . 	stand corrected . 
heh . 3 . 5gb 	but 3 . 5 technically rounds up to 4 right ? no issue there right ? 
you censored the names in the score board , but not in the side of the screen . 	remember those nicknames - if you get them in your team i suggest you leave 
ok thanks ! i 'm not exactly sure of my population , would i find that out by research ? 	yessir . it may be hard but we have some smart mods who can help you find out 
how in the hell did you get grill marks that perfect with a pan ? 	cast iron grill pan ! weighs like 5 pounds but it 's by far my favorite pan 
what is the jet pilot doing ? 	its how jets fuel up whilst still in the air . 
they really are , though . all 3 are outrageous , but sf proper is a step above boston on the absurd price scale . 	there was something i read a while back about being more dogs than young kids in san francisco . i doubt boston ever reaches that point . 
buttons . there are two counter - buttons on the pointy ends of the collar . click and it looks better when wearing a tie . 	it 's a collar bar . 
all you need is a chain going through his nose and coming out his mouth . and probably some hard liquor in his hand as well . 	well , he took care of that in the last happy hour . 
that 's cool you found the random sort . i really need to spend more time finding and trying the app 's features . i just wish the interface was better . 	yes , the interface is shit . i also only found out by accident that long pressing a file opens a new menu . 
count your calories . what you burn in 60 minutes at the gym can unfortunately be undone in just 6 minutes of bad eating . controlling your diet will always be more efficient . 	or 6 seconds , thats before we consider that most gym equipment lies to you in the first place , possibly doubling your burn .   
can we trade in mine ? adding you now and opening the gates 	let me know when you 're open 
if chiefs grandpa is determined to be the best gif or 2014 , over all the other submissions , i 'll be very disappointed . 	there is no way chief 's grandpa beats obj . there is a time for fun and games and there is obj 's catch . 
i really wish the game kicked you out if your not doing anything . i understand if your new to the game . like he knows what he 's doing that shit dumb . 	if you go idle the game will take over your character , the fact that they were intentionally moving every few seconds shows this was entirely intentional . 
i agree .  theres no room in these games for griefers 	just wait for observer mode . hunting is going to become super easy . 
if you go idle the game will take over your character , the fact that they were intentionally moving every few seconds shows this was entirely intentional . 	hmmmm true . 
i agree .  theres no room in these games for griefers 	had a trapper few days ago who domes the team 3 times and the monster got stage 3 free farming after 5 minutes . 
an excellent review sir ! haha . man , i 'm not sure i ever want to come across one of these after reading all the stuff y 'all say about them on here .  props for smoking it up 	it was n't nearly as bad as i 've read but it 's quite likely i had a fluke of a stick . no doubt i burned a little karma today , time to do something nice for someone ! 
ya , but i feel the same way about civil war . honestly with how things are , i would 've rather just seen a serpent society movie . 	i mean , is n't it better for the films to deviate from the comics to keep it fresh ? 
it was terrible . it was before first class 	wade wilson was pretty great . 
ya , but i feel the same way about civil war . honestly with how things are , i would 've rather just seen a serpent society movie . 	civil war barely involved the x - men or the fantastic four 
the joke is that he has been the main protagonist in every single x - men film , and he still managed to have a cameo in first class . 	and it was the best scene in the movie . 
i thought it was wolverine 7 at this point ? x - men , x - 2 , x - 3 , wolverine : origins , the wolverine , and dofp ? 	i do n't think the x - men movies count , this will be his third standalone film 
ya , but a complete rewriting with half the characters is definitely a step in the wrong direction . do they even have the rights to namor ? 	well i imagine it 's going to be based on the concept of a civil war rather than be about the same subject , i mean who even has a secret identity in the mcu ? 
posting videos and sharing my collection on forums helped me network a bit . someone came forward and offered me their grape to complete my set . 	so now that you have a full set , how much do you think it 's worth as a whole ? 
congrats ! where did you manage to find the grape one within the last 5 days since you posted the watermelon controller ? i saw one on ebay a few days ago but it was in pretty rough shape . 	posting videos and sharing my collection on forums helped me network a bit . someone came forward and offered me their grape to complete my set . 
dang , i would have guessed the gold one honestly . 	gold is expensive , but pretty common . there have only been about half a dozen sealed watermelon controllers found worldwide . 
it might help to actually see a pic of your face . 	i second this . the hair itself looks great , but if you want some advice on the shape , please post a face pic . 
strangers rifle is up in the top 5 now i reckon ! 	strangers rifle is my favourite gun , i have n't used anything else in the primary slot since the new patch 
hawkmoon , thorn , the last word , red death , vex mythoclast . 	this is the correct list , and probably also in that order 
how you going to choke a legend ? 	ur too close mon ! 
top 3 : last word , thorn and mythoclast . red death up there somewhere , probably top 5 , but not sure if any other weapons have kill times on par or quicker than those . 	as a mythoclast user the red death has converted me . 
hawkmoon , thorn , the last word , red death , vex mythoclast . 	i dunno man , i have a maxed red death and a half done bad juju and the juju feels way more consistent imo . 
wow that 's a lot of salt on those fries . 	an unhealthy amount of salt indeed . 
strangers rifle is as good as red death huh ? so is there anyway to get another one after you 've deleted them from all your characters ? 	do the black garden mission on any difficulty , and remember to watch the cutscene . 
if you can control it necrochasm is really good . i just got it a couple days ago and i 've been doing well with it . 	finally someone agrees . so satisfying to make someone explode like a thrall . 
hawkmoon , thorn , the last word , red death , vex mythoclast . 	man , i 'd actually put thorn above hawkmoon because it has a higher rof and a guaranteed 2 headshot kill . hawkmoon requires a bit of rng . 
yeah . they are calling it like xbox live for pc or something like that and it free , for now at least . 	huh , ca n't wait to see how that turns out . i 'll prob upgrade to win 10 to try it out . 
i am ! i will add you now ! : d 	wait ! i think i have the wrong egg 
it 's not right for joke parties with similar names to be on the list . something that actively makes a mockery of our democratic system . 	there 's no need to downvote joe 's post simply because he has a different opinion than you .  the downvote button should be reserved for posts which do n't contribute and such . 
ddp is a saint , but i curse the bastard when he says to do 5 - count push - ups 35 minutes into the workout .  yes , because of ddp yoga i can touch the ground with my nose while sitting down . 	that 's rough stuff . great workout for sure . 
ddp is a saint , but i curse the bastard when he says to do 5 - count push - ups 35 minutes into the workout .  yes , because of ddp yoga i can touch the ground with my nose while sitting down . 	fuck that one specific time he does n't start the fucking count for like 3 - 5 extra seconds . 
ddp is a saint , but i curse the bastard when he says to do 5 - count push - ups 35 minutes into the workout .  yes , because of ddp yoga i can touch the ground with my nose while sitting down . 	5 seconds are nothing , it 's that 20 second crocodile at the end of the 10 seconds push up in double black diamond that gets me . 
yeah it 's not bad . i 'm not profiting yet , but i am definitely building my customer base and people seem quite happy when i talk to them . 	that 's fantastic . it 's hard to build the reputation and get a following but it sounds like you 're getting there . i hope the website launch goes well ! 
maybe bringing up contradictions in the form of questions . like how do you think koalas and kangaroos survived the flood ? 	i feel like an idiot , but i do n't understand the question . would n't they just say that noah put them in the ark with everything else ?   
the real question , are you a candidate , or was your brain about to be devoured ? : o 	that 's what i want to know o . 0 
did you get a book ? if yes , what did it say ? 	i did get the same book , but i did n't read it . 
daily fantasy sports . the rake is ridiculous but they pay out when you win . 	happy cake day ! 
incorrect , the suv style insurgent is a garage vehicle . it can also be customized . 	please do n't crucify me for getting one thing wrong . 
you can keep your american preorders , europeans do n't steal american stock . 	so i have your permission to buy an na amiibo , too ? 
bind the key .  its not set if you use other control maps 	oh god ! i must have missed it in the settings ! well this was a stupid question . 
just out of curiosity , do you have any intake for the actual inside of the case or do you not need it with everything that gets hot being cooled off ? 	i just have one large fan on the front , hidden by the front face plate . this is intake and every other fan is out . seems to be working great . 
i find it a shame that the reference coolers on the cards are infamous at not delivering the cooling this card needs mainly because i love how the design looks .   	i 'm with you . especially since i rather have the heat thrown out of the case , not back in . 
looks brilliant . just remember that since you can now remove additional heat from your chips you will add more heat to your room . 	he might heat his room faster , but it will result in lower heat output overall , since the temperatures will be lower thus reducing electrical resistance . 
while that is true , if you take 2nd blue when the enemy mid laner get 's second blue you screw your mid laner over hard . 	when i play mid i do n't care if i get blue or not i will just try to save my mana . mid 's are spoilt brats always used to playing with blue buff .   
the car is n't what caught my attention 	it 's surprisingly clean for a parking lot , right ? 
the car is n't what caught my attention 	dat ass . 
nooo , i have a . j . on my fantasy team . 	you realize this is n't a bad thing , right ? they have to work on the car somewhere . 
missed such a good opportunity to split the sunglasses in half . 	i was hoping he was going to make his actual glasses connect then turn them into sunglasses . 
i think they 're called contractor glasses or something , i 've only ever seen construction guys using them . 	they 're actually pretty useful if you need reading glasses but also work with your hands . 
the tester or question one was just hilarious . pure gold that night . 	i find myself coming back to that video any time i feel the urge to laugh hysterically . 
does n't change the fact that who in this party has any lore associated with them and who in this party ever will ? 	the work on it .  we got cloyster , hello , ms sweep blue , reach lv 100 ?   
hell yeah , cool plays man 	thanks ! had to credit you a bit . not sure which shotgun wreckage with burst rifle video is better : yours or mine ! 
genuinely curious . why buy a headset if you are not going to use its microphone feature ? 	i bought it ages ago when i still used skype daily , and did n't know much about headphones at all . 
can it be possible that nobody can answer this question ? 	no , the transaction will not be visible on your bank statement . and patience , this is n't live chat ! 
what if people tasted good ? would it be okay to eat people ? 	well in order to eat a fresh human you 'd have to kill one , so no , society has dictated that that 's illegal . 
so by that reasoning , slavery was okay when it was legal because people that were in favor of it liked it , and it was legal , and there was no motivation to stop it . 	but slavery is a major inconvenience for many people .  i just do n't buy into the idea that animals are humans and killing them is murder . 
this response is a perfect example of why philosophy has become a bullshit academic field . 	i like how i answered his questions , but that counts as bullshit . do you have some sort of , i do n't know , argument ? 
so kant was n't writing about ethics and morality with all that duty talk ? i must have misunderstood lol 	yup pretty sure you did because you think the law is the arbiter of morality and ethics . 
here is my reason to eat meat : it tastes good and makes me happy . 	so what if human meat tasted good and made you happy ? is it then okay to eat humans ? 
but slavery is a major inconvenience for many people .  i just do n't buy into the idea that animals are humans and killing them is murder . 	so if someone kills their pet dog because he felt like it , is that okay ? 
a lot of the choices strike me as odd , but it 's all subjective i guess . i will suggest looking into camp 's new energy harness as best bang for your buck . it 's really nice for 50 bucks . 	i have n't tried the energy yet , but i used to have the quartz . it was a great harness for sure . 
i think britta got more character building in this episode than she 's gotten in the previous five seasons . i loved it ! 	i think the character development was much needed . i think the writing just did n't bring it home in terms of making the actual conclusion to this episode 's arc earned . still good though ! 
well done , detective butcher . one step closer to finding your legs . 	and solving the mystery of the ghost in the noose !  spoilers : it 's his wife 
turn your adblock off and support yahoo . come on . i do n't blame you for keeping it on the rest of the day , but give yahoo some love and help keep this show going . 	should i turn adblock off , when i have to use hola ! to watch it ? i feel conflicted . 
is anyone getting commercials ? how is yahoo making money ? 	i got 3 - 5 ads in each commercial break . 
turn your adblock off and support yahoo . come on . i do n't blame you for keeping it on the rest of the day , but give yahoo some love and help keep this show going . 	take it easy . i 'm not advocated adblock . i 'm just reporting what happened to me . 
watched it on apple tv . no ads at all 	i did n't see ads in the yahoo screen app on roku . 
nice thanks ! 	how did you spot that in the first place ? did you google it after hearing it on the show ? 
i watched on roku , and there were n't any ads . the video paused for a half second two or three times per episode , so i 'm guessing that 's where the ads were supposed to be . 	their roku app is pretty great though . 
they did n't stop . they do n't want to add champion icon as a reward just because of this . 	that was the one i was referring to . champion mastery has pretty much the exact same issue with abuse as the icons but they are currently working on adding it . 
you should ask your dr for a cardio plan . 	made an appointment for april 3rd !  nonetheless i 'm still worried . ah ! i guess i 'll have to wait 
does it though ? beyond a few areas with slightly different terrain , its the same map as normal hollow just red and on fire .   	i might be wrong but i 'm at g rank right now and after the map turns it never goes back . 
i agree that mh4u is a better game in general . tri and 3u both had stories , though . have you played those games ? 	they did , but they were about as weak as the story in the early pokemon games . no one really played them for the story , instead for the amazingly fun gameplay . 
this was a pretty cool read . i think it 's way to early to call this game of the year though . 	how about best game of all times .  seriously tho , best mh to date at least . 
yeah , same here . i was really just making a joke about western gamers , but there 's an element of truth to it . i worry the boost in popularity could bring in some bad apples . 	it already has . the community now is fine , but it 's a toxic waste compared to the old freedom unite online community 
kids are n't pets ! at least that is what mu hubby tells me ! 	i know ca n't count the hubby as a pet either 
animal facts page ? what do you mean ? 	we 're doing a raoa newspaper again , i do the animal facts page . 
i 've heard betta like to eat brine shrimp but will they actually nip at full - sized , living shrimp ? 	possibly but it 's more the baby shrimp they eat . the adults are top big for them to bother with . 
id go with shrimp . but i have 3 shrimp tanks , so im biased . 	i 'm actually very tempted to do this . if i went only shrimp i 'd want a couple different kinds for the variety . do shrimp get territorial at all ? how many can i put in a 2 gallon tank ? 
awesome man . i look forward to seeing what you do in 9 months . are you getting an automatic or a manual ? 	going the manual , i live in the city so i walk to work . this car will be a weekend warrior for me . 
going the manual , i live in the city so i walk to work . this car will be a weekend warrior for me . 	i had a feeling when you listed off the supercharger . it must be nice to be able to walk to work . sounds nice anyways . 
it 's so true . i still ca n't believe they replaced him in the second movie for no good god damn reason . 	i was ok with dexter 's dad being raiden , but would 've preferred christopher lambert instead . 
hey the techno theme from the first movie is still pretty cool if you ask me , haha . 	there 's like 5 mk soundtracks shit there 's a mortal combat album where every character had their own song . kano 's was probably my favorite . 
i never realized the movie was so crappy . 	never watch any childhood films as an adult , they will break your perceptions . 
never watch any childhood films as an adult , they will break your perceptions . 	man that movie totally holds up . 
it 's so true . i still ca n't believe they replaced him in the second movie for no good god damn reason . 	a lot of mistakes were made between the first and second movie . 
hey the techno theme from the first movie is still pretty cool if you ask me , haha . 	the album was awesome . the techno theme song plus music from napalm death , fear factory , and more . 
right , thats why you huff and puff up the stairs you fat fuck ? 	he 'll huff and he 'll puff and he 'll die of heart failure 
but adam and eve were vegetarians until they were kicked out of the garden of eden . 	no god gave power over all the animals too . 
i 'm pretty sure god does n't exist so this girl is lying . he did n't say shit . 	just let it be bro , live and let live . 
yeah but what was lidstrom protected to be at their age , but thanks for answering 	he put up 60 pts when he was 21 during his first nhl season , so i would guess they knew he was a special player at that point . 
came here to say this . its almost like he was n't sure if he wanted to or not and did n't want to get a penalty for unsportsmanlike conduct . he just gently spikes it instead .  i love our qb . 	the spike is n't really gentle , just awkward . 
good question , ask the original poster , i just do n't see them taking off any time soon . 	well , presumably you are doubtful they will become the norm for some meaning of norm in your sentence . so what meaning did you intend ? 
let me rephrase , what makes these jobs bad other than the fact that they are hypothetically unnecessary ? 	being unnecessary is enough for them to be bad . they are a waste of millions of hours of our time . 
does that rig just collect the reclaim into a detachable jar ? that 's pretty crazy . 	its kind of a beautiful thing . detach container grab a dab and your good to go . 
yeah ! people quickly forgot that henrik , before his injury , was playing amazing . that amazing play translated over into cam 's play as well . 	hell , iirc , lundqvist played a great game even after he got hit in the jugular vein before his injury status was known . 
but are there previous pictures of him on the ice ? maybe this is the first actual picture , even if he 's already been on the ice . 	i definitely saw video of him doing puck - less drills during the pregame reports of rangers games weeks ago . 
i definitely saw video of him doing puck - less drills during the pregame reports of rangers games weeks ago . 	ah , video ! does n't count : p 
yeah ! people quickly forgot that henrik , before his injury , was playing amazing . that amazing play translated over into cam 's play as well . 	which means all three goalies , in large part , have the system and the defensemen to thank . 
thanks man ! yeah i like the little guy , and did n't know if it would etch over well . 	well great job ! 
that 's a great idea ! thanks ! i guess we wo n't really worry too much about either bedroom arrangement until the kids really start complaining ? 	yep , my family - blending philosophy is that there 's enough going on in our lives without me looking for trouble ! : d 
what do a viola and a lawsuit have in common ?  everyone is happy when the case is closed . 	q : how do you know when there 's a viola section at your front door ? a : they ca n't find the key and do n't know when to come in . 
as long as the the beta 's okay . 	yeah the bikes were fine . phew . a bit further down the road and it might have been a different story ! 
i was n't aware that changed , i thought math was universal 	i think it 's mainly mainland europe that write numbers like 1 . 000 . 000 , 45 
it 's possible it uses your country to detect how your country uses commas and periods in numbers . 	i was n't aware that changed , i thought math was universal 
have you tried applying a bullet against the shaft of the wand ?   	no , never felt the need . have you ? i may try it with a magic wand . 
reminder to not just follow the first build that appears in a guide , read the guide well and that will help you decide when to buy certain items against certain enemies . 	yeah , what this guy says is true , use the guides as a base of what items are good and build accordingly to each game . 
jim 's hat never leaves his head i swear . 	he looks like a full - suit muppet 
it means joe is in san jose , 15 minutes from where wrestlemania is . 	every indy promotion known to man runs wrestlemania weekend wherever it is . including roh . this means nothing . 
jim 's hat never leaves his head i swear . 	at this point it 's another living organism , attached to him like some sort of parasite 
jim 's hat never leaves his head i swear . 	he did take it off that one time he joined vince 's club . 
i think more people should talk about tiny leaders . especially the masters of constructed , the professor and wedge . 	the professor and wedge are better than god and if you do n't watch their videos you do n't know shit about magic and you probably use ultra pros what a fucking noob 
a 2 drop that you 're inclined to hold for a later turn in half the matchups is n't actually a 2 drop . it 's a tech choice . 	except i feel completely fine playing it turn 2 typically . 
how is the frog stretch bad for your knees ? it 's all groin . i have terrible turn out and i never feel anything in my knees during frog . 	if you do n't have 180 turn out , your weight is supported by your knees sideways on the floor . that can put uneven tension on the ligaments in your knee which can result in injury . 
it is neither clever , when your first team is without a first choice striker , to keep buying lottery tickets . 	if only we were allowed to buy more than one player in a window ! 
old nu wa was kinda like that , also if you think of playing brood in dota she is pretty specific pick i 'm not an expert though 	yeah she was , but hirez put a stop to that . a shame though 
i did love that part of elise . so much versatility . thats why i said i may put her above arachne game play wise 	she feels clunky now . i would like it if she got a little bit of a rework . 
this is because its a top down view , so you do n't get a big view of the model . plus those games are older and only now are they doing texture updates 	some dota 2 models are pretty cool though ! 
that would be a new one for me , i 've never heard such a thing ! 	i was surprised and like i said i cannot provide a link so i do remain somewhat skeptical myself . 
if someone did kill quan chi for good in the story mode , do you really think it 'd be jax ?  i 'd say the one to kill of quan chi would be liu kang , kitana , or raiden 	well jax seems to be one of the few people who was possessed by quan chi and got turned back to normal so he actually has the best motive , from a character development and plot point of view . 
how does the weed make you feel ? did the weed tell you to press the button ? 	where did the button touch you ? 
you can press it , hold down and move away from it and nothing happens . incase you wanna chicken out at the last moment ; d 	i do n't believe you ! you just want me to press the button 
i do , but because i 'd like to press it again 	chasing the dragon , of button pushing . 
did you press the button ?   	did i push the button ? 
bunch of virgins giving sex tips . that 's what you are 	we 're just more selective of when we will push the button . i 'd rather never push the button than have it be a bad push that thousands of others will share the same number . 
how did this make you feel ? 	i felt like it sucked one year of my life away . 
for a second . now i want to press it again 	after the button is before the button . 
if you go back far enough , all of the buttons originally came from africa . 	ahhhhh the age old question : what came first the button or the resistor 
look we 're not here to talk about rampart right now . we 're only here for the button . 	seriously . talk about derailing the thread . 
seriously . talk about derailing the thread . 	lets focus on the button people . 
hi , thanks for taking time to do this ama . it is really great to see local heros take the time to answer questions .  which side of the button did you click on ? 	i aligned my click to the middle , but at the last moment i thought it 's not just about what you do , but also what you leave for the next generations , so i clicked slightly to the left . 
60s flair ? absolutely disgusting . 	that button did n't even have a chance . 
have you pressed many buttons before , or was this your first time ? 	i have a long standing career as a button presser . i do it in a daily basis . 
was it a button which activated when pressed , or when released ? 	press it !   
would you have pressed the button if it was another color ? 	depending on the color . i 'd love to press a green button , but not a red one 
do you regret pressing the button ? 	i do , but because i 'd like to press it again 
if you could push any button in the world , which button would it be ? 	i 'd press the world peace button 
i wo n't give in . 	i ca n't make you press the button , but i also ca n't make you stop wanting to press the button . but you could make it less hard on yourself by pressing the button , it 's just a button bro . 
typical ama , op dodges the tough questions 	he 'd make a good politician . politicians are the type who press the button immediately . 
do you ever feel , like a plastic bag , drifting through the wind , wanting to start again ? 	alternatively , do you ever feel so paper thin ? 
i have a long standing career as a button presser . i do it in a daily basis . 	do you feel this had a influence in your choice to press said button ? 
de - pressing  	now you 're just pushing my buttons ! 
if the button is activated when released , could you click it , move your mouse off , and then let go and the button would not be pressed ? 	no you break the hymen there is no lock . 
i did , my pulse raised and felt light headed for a bit . then i felt whole with the universe . i quit smoking since . 	fitting username ? cool weed you smoked there 
i did , my pulse raised and felt light headed for a bit . then i felt whole with the universe . i quit smoking since . 	see ! i pushed it and it all happened so fast , i really do n't know what happened .  and you can only experience this once . i feel incomplete . 
i 've heard enough , i 'm pressing that fucking button .  edit : fuck , i wish i had n't pressed that button . 	the 59s masses will welcome you with open arms , i 'm sure .  you could have stayed part of the non pressing pure , but you just had to press the button . 
i think i should n't tell you what to do , but if you do make sure be safe . 	what sort of protection would you recommend someone should use ? 
i do , but because i 'd like to press it again 	my only regret is that i have one press to give thy button . 
for a second . now i want to press it again 	chasing that button dragon will get you every time .  it 's never as good as the first time . 
if you could do one thing about pressing the button , what would you do differently ? 	press it harder . i barely clicked it . 
i felt like it sucked one year of my life away . 	now remember , this is for posterity so be honest : how do you feel ? 
wait , is n't that what he said ? 	yes , hold brother 
would you rather press 100 duck - size buttons , or one horse - size button ? 	what if the ducks are actually loons ? i do believe someone , somewhere was killed by a loon . steve irwin style . 
i ca n't believe i did n't notice the parallel to ned 's feelings towards killing children . that being said , i still believe ned would have allowed him to join the watch . 	no way . ned gave cersei all of his plans with the hopes of keeping enemy children safe . hes that serious about not harming kids . ice would of popped his head clear off . 
yeah , right . he did n't even give jorah that option . ned loved him some beheadings . 	ned was going to bear island to dispense justice . i do n't remember that it was decided it would be a beheading . jorah fled before ned even got there . 
that happens in a battle . people go after weaknesses . its up to spo for him to take him out or not 	yeah , that 's part of competition . exploit your opponents weakness . not much you can do but compete and wait for officials to make a call 
i think youre right mate , sorry for the confusion 	all good , life 's too short to argue when there are fish to be caught ! 
yup , try drinking a few cups of it . 	seems like a waste to me . if a dropper can get me high , 3 would get me to a 10 , why drink a cup of it ? 
heard of this , wanted to try it , but i always end up just smoking my weed and forgetting about it . is it worth it ? 	it 's a pain in the ass if you ask me . i tried it with ever clear . tasted like it might actually kill you . 
alcohol and weed however , and you get the green dragon ! oh boy . 	heard of this , wanted to try it , but i always end up just smoking my weed and forgetting about it . is it worth it ? 
seems like a waste to me . if a dropper can get me high , 3 would get me to a 10 , why drink a cup of it ? 	it was new years man ! max out ! go to a party dumb drunk , dumb stoned , always a good time . 
i 'm so fucking hungover right now . it feels like i got hit by a bus and then i ate the bus and now the bus wants to come back up . fuck alcohol , trees are the way to go 	being hungover is mostly because you dry out during your sleep . try to drink a bottle of milk before going to sleep 
this makes me regret buying a black 360 . that looks amazing . 	black case on brown strap is pretty trendy right now and can definitely be pulled off . 
if he is moving out then why do you need to go to court ? does he owe back rent ? 	he 's been living rent free since august since dad died . the eviction notice is the only way to get him to move . he wo n't even respond to me . 
he 's been living rent free since august since dad died . the eviction notice is the only way to get him to move . he wo n't even respond to me . 	just to clarify , what you gave him is called a notice to vacate not an eviction notice . 
their website i think . 	i wish to download them , but i do n't think there 's a way to do that on their site . 
yeah , this framework is so fucked . crippling sanctions are murder just as surely as is a bomb . 	also , who is the us to dictate who can and cannot have a bomb ? they 're the only country who ever actually used it as a weapon , so who are they to tell anyone else they ca n't create one ? 
am i the only one considering going with no crew players ? they are not producing very well thus far . and i do n't like their match ups 	even if they do nothing they 'll give you an alright amount of points just from playing time and maybe an odd bonus . if you have the transfers to blow then i 'd go for it . 
sounds like she needs a serious wake up call , or a cup of coffee thrown in her face . 	hot , just like she likes ! 
what she did is not uncommon at all . i work for the same company as op and i see it from tons of people . people just love their cold milk with a bit of coffee flavor 	i realize it 's common from my experiences but just saying that was the frosting on the bitch cake . 
my favorite drink someone ordered was an iced latte , no ice , extra cold . 	let me just make this shot of hot espresso magically extra cold without any ice , simple enough haha 
heat and mass transfer is hard . 	she 's got a good grip on density though . 
has she never encountered the concept of heat in her life before ? 	heat and mass transfer is hard . 
heat and mass transfer is hard . 	thermodynamics is a tough class i 've heard . 
what she did is not uncommon at all . i work for the same company as op and i see it from tons of people . people just love their cold milk with a bit of coffee flavor 	my husband says what i drink is n't coffee but coffee flavored milk . 
that 's a great story ! thanks ! 	it has been a lot of fun dressing in public here . hopefully i will have more stories when i move ! 
drink your stuff . life is a special occasion . 	good point . no point in leaving good wine un - drunk ! 
yeah but i cant find anything from 1987 that would be drinkable within my budget , so 20 should work 	you must have gotten a deal on your bottle then . 
excuse my ignorance , but how is this sort of thing programmed , why ca n't they just increase the height to which legs break ? 	no idea . 
if its alpha does it mean the bugs that exist need no attention ? 	it means you take care of bugs in order of priority .  fall damage is not a top priority right now . 
i will most likely go to work where he does . he 's been with the same company his whole career . they know him well . 	well , all that 's required is to pass the license tests and the physical . if this guy can get you a job then you 're all set . 
so if i pirate a game , then play it for a couple of hours and remove it , i helped the developers by advertising ?  makes perfect sense . 	i hope you are trolling . 
it 's not possible . blues clinched . we have to win on saturday and the ducks have to win against arizona and we play the blues . otherwise it 's the ducks . 	if we beat the blues and chicago loses in regulation we 'll move into third in the division and play nashville . 
i 'm trying to be friendly damnit , it 's hard enough for me as it is 	you did good buddy . and best part is , the olives on that branch are delicious 
you guys are on one hell of a road win streak though eh ? this 'll be a good game . looking forward to it ! 	be careful , we have road - ice advantage . 
see you saturday ! not sure if i 'd rather play them or the ducks though . 	you guys are on one hell of a road win streak though eh ? this 'll be a good game . looking forward to it ! 
it 's more so that we 're not too upset with how we 'll get seeded , either way . 	no it 's people saying . i think we are losing on purpose to get the match up we want . 
they were n't much less inconsistent with kane  besides , the blues will try to fuck kane up if they face and he returns 	you know for the most part we are equal opportunity hitters . you guys act like we were the predatory hitters last year . 
i want anyone but minnesota right now . they 're scary . let the blues deal with that nonsense . 	id rather watch them kick the shit out of each other for awhile . 
it felt like the bottom was falling out in some ways for a while recently with some bad losses , but yet here we are . this feels great . 	dude you have no idea . i do n't think my liver could have taken much more red wing hockey if it was n't for the panthers . 
i have n't lived in the lou for more than 20 years , but i still follow and love the blues . so excited for the first round !  bring it ! 	blue note is for life bro . 
thank you . i hope we do n't play you and your wizard goalie first round . 	if you do n't want to then you 'll have to lose saturday . 
that presidents trophy team was pretty freaking nasty though . damn sharks . 	hopefully goal tending is a little more consistent this time around . 
stop . nope , stop stop stop . 	prepare your b - hole ! 
thanks ! and you dont have to play us in the first round ! 	we still might get to play you if the yotes beat the ducks in reg . and we beat the wild . 
we could still get winnipeg . it 's not unlikely that we pass the ducks . 	also if we lose to minnesota and chicago does n't get a point against the avs we would play chicago first round 
and to think 2 weeks ago blues fans everywhere thought the world was coming to a end after we lost to vancouver and columbus . lets go blues ! 	i was down on the team , but i told everyone i knew that i would wait until the final stretch of the season to pass judgement 
i was down on the team , but i told everyone i knew that i would wait until the final stretch of the season to pass judgement 	this is some of the best hockey i 've seen them play all season , solid defensively , solid goaltending , and contributions from all 4 lines . bring on the playoffs ! 
sounds like i would rather listen to the cards announcers than thom . 	i think i 'd rather watch the game during a dental exam than listen to thom . 
to be fair kentucky was considered one of the greatest college basketball teams of all time , where the reds where predicted to be fairly bad .  fyi hate kentucky basketball . 	it is true , but the fact that the reds have won their first 4 games , makes me as significantly happy as i was for the start of 2014 - 2015 uk basketball . 
on a side note , has anyone how unhappy phillips looks all the time . i know he 's probably upset about batting 7th but he has had some amazing plays and does n't even smile anymore . 	i have noticed that . he 's going to have to deal with it , because where else would he go in that batting order ? once the top third cools down , him and byrd will have their chance to shine . 
it is true , but the fact that the reds have won their first 4 games , makes me as significantly happy as i was for the start of 2014 - 2015 uk basketball . 	i understand . i feel more comfortable winning games barely rather than dominated like the rockies or tigers . 
holy fuck the game is over ? 	games are going so fast now . 
this is nothing but a good thing . as much as i love premiere , avid is still my choice for proper film editing . 	i had to edit a short film that was fx heavy last year . using avid for that totally turned me off of it . 
he 's apparently a dick to some people , but he 's completely legit on the jersey side , and does great work . 	am i going to get the jersey in the pic ? that 's is my main concern 
this needs to be their halloween skins at least once , just all the normal zeds with max damage on them . 	that sounds like a great idea . 
dan is the king of starting to say something , getting distracted and then completely forgetting to say it . 	its because hes so old , his memory is failing 
i can only hope this does n't happen to me at the ripe old age of 35 . 	at the age of 35 , i was born without short term memory . 
my point was just that it 's optional . i would say the 10k door in bloodborne is actually even more worth it . you can avoid a boss fight , and skip an entire area and a half of the game . 	how annoying is the area ? dead man 's wharf or blighttown bad ? 
but he already had the emblem , we clearly saw it when he checked if he had it in the shop . 	yes , it was in the shop , but arin did not have it . the item was greyed out because he did n't have enough blood echoes to buy it , hence the farming . 
great drawing , his facial features remind me a little more of thawne than barry though . looks like eobard is up to his old tricks . 	well at one point thawne made himself look like barry , so maybe it still works . 
not at all , i only intended to draw the flash . not necessarily grant 's . you 're right in pointing out the sharpness of his face . maybe i 'm channeling some ezra miller ? 	i was thinking more of the comic . thawne tends to have those more angular features compared to barry .  does kind of look like ezra now that you mention it though . 
you have to pay them and they should give the money to the company where the foreign band is registered . 	never mind that they refuse to answer who they represent or what they pay out to whom . 
if you 're on rogers you have free access to game centre this season . 	i do n't have cable tv . but i have rogers cell phone , does that count ?   
i 'm with this . watching his stream now - him and his crew are cocky as hell in voip . they 're laughing saying that nothing 's going to happen to them . 	the people talking on his stream are a bunch of cunts . the kind of people you want to punch irl .   
that 's what i took out of it - not that no one helped her , but rather that a number of people drove past before someone did . 	i think i probably read it the same way . but the headline suggests no one stopped to help when in fact someone did . 
funny how much fanfiction shits on him .  i do n't remember any story that even remotely gave him his day . he was either a neutral character , or a dickhead . 	to be fair , he kinda is a dick . 
it just makes me wonder why charlie would want a new wand . i thought wizards tended to stick with their wands unless the wands became unusable . 	yeah , that 's a good point . i dunno why he 'd do it either .  sounds like a question for jk . 
it just makes me wonder why charlie would want a new wand . i thought wizards tended to stick with their wands unless the wands became unusable . 	the tip had worn down so far you could see the unicorn - hair core . maybe it was n't performing in tip - top shape , so he got a new one . 
wait , what ? i 'm not super familiar with expanded story things 	it 's not part of the expanded story ? it 's in the last book 's epilogue . 
i guess injustice can count as one , but it 's really only a couple of issues . 	number 3 lois gets killed ? 
man i love action but i have no desire to go back to this album , ive only listened to it like 4 times and its just so boring 	it has very little replay value , i 've only listened to it 5 or 6 times 
sales are down . they have to close poor selling stores . walmart is dying but it 's a secret . 	horse manure . midland , tx is one of the busiest stores in the state . 
do you know the details of what they do when they build a store ? 	no those would mostly likely be considered trade secrets . but opening stores would equal more costs unless the store brings in more revenue than costs . 
yes , they should be direct fit as long as it 's in the mkv family ! 	awesome . thanks man ! 
ah , so they 're ninja throwing stars ! i see , i should install them and ride around near my enemies constantly . 	i was afraid it would ninja star into my leg and i removed it . : p 
wow saved me lots of time , thank you . says i have to do main story quests to level that up . does this take a considerable amount of time to reach 3 ? 	you get one level per quest , i think . so keep doing your main quests and you 'll reach it pretty soon ! 
you 're not locked into only getting one passive . you can get both and considering how many skill points you 'll end up with there 's no reason not to . 	well , i 'm just level 21 , so i need every point i get . later on this is definitely true . 
well , i 'm just level 21 , so i need every point i get . later on this is definitely true . 	it 's true at level 21 too , go shard hunting . it 's unbelievably easy to get more points at level 21 
man why do you always have to look at the butthole ? 	and now you get to think about this every time you look at a cat 's butthole .  it looks just like a pizza flavored combo . 
man why do you always have to look at the butthole ? 	one must become like a cat to be closer to a cat . first step , pay a lot more attention to the butt . 
sorry for being a moron but can you tell me what it is when people reverse image search something ? 	go to www . images . google . com , and drag an image from another tab and drop it in there . 
siamese cats : bred for derp . 	i have a half - siamese cat , and he 's all kinds of derp . he 's not necessarily stupid , just way too tolerant for his own good sometimes . 
she looks hot as fuck with any haircut , but just do n't think it enhances anything , and it makes less hot people think that they can pull it off . 	you could shave her head and drop a birds nest on top and she 's still be gorgeous . 
it could be argued that the hairstyle is still terrible but they have enough left over hotness that it does n't matter . 	natalie dormer looks hot as fuck with that undercut . 
too bad one of them was n't able to provide any help with that horrible hair . 	that hair looks good on literally nobody , it simply always looks terrible . skrillex fans come at me . 
really now ? i always just heard clippy as second hand . guess it 's like house rules for monopoly being so common that it 's a misconception that they 're official . 	i hate when people think taxes go on free parking , it takes all of the challenge out of the game . 
i 'm not spam . he said he had problems and i told him what i use . loser . 	is that why the links immediately redirect to a spam advertising site moron ? 
isis wins the war on terror , and everybody gets beheaded . absolutely everybody . 	sounds a bit like a big scale french revolution . 
is n't really bright inside ? like all the light is being crushed by gravity in there , so its not allowed to leave ? 	but we ca n't see that light because the photons ca n't escape in order to reach us . 
a petition will never outweigh vast bags of free money . 	i 'd say try anyways . nothing else seems like a better option right now aside from not paying for mods . but you know that people will , because people are not smart . 
what if people are no longer having fun because they 're only making skyrim mods for money ? 	then they should pursue another line of work . 
ah , anyone remember the days when valve made games and was n't just a cash - grabbing middleman ? 	steam is a marketplace for games that gets valve money from people buying games . it has from day 1 been about making money . 
as long as they do n't try and take down the nexus and replace it with this shit , then they can do whatever the hell they want for all i care . 	that just may happen if this path continues , you know . things affect other things . 
you do n't have to play with the spanish dub on . 	yep i know . but i like the voices of characters in the spanish dub in general , its just that one voice that do not convince me . 
dota 2 has a bastion announcer pack . it 's fantastic . 	that pack is probably the biggest thing dota has over any game for me . if i ever become ridiculously wealthy , i want to hire logan cunningham to narrate my life . 
man i want a map that has the bastion and transistor narrator . please . oh the silky smoothness . 	hell of a crossover map .  heck , you could even have red in the game .  the kid might be difficult because he uses such a varying assortment of weaponry depending on your taste . 
i 'm glad your son was born healthy and happy . stick to your guns , your kid is you and your sos , not hers . 	thank you . he 's the most amazing thing i 've ever seen or done . i 'm committed to giving him the loving , supportive childhood i never had . 
oh , that 's not bad at all ! thanks for the link . the improved color is at least worth the small loss . 	i agree . plus , opening up the frame really looks great , for the most part . there are some episodes where it looks like it 's right out of a movie in wide - screen . 
interesting . that really surprises me , since 3 - perf is much cheaper than super 35 . 	they probably cared more about quality and aspect ratio than cost , since they were planning for 16 : 9 tvs in 1993 , which is pretty impressive . 
while almost everyone i met drives perfectly fine high , for legalization purposes we need to really cut down on it it gives us a bad reputation 	exactly , get into one accident that has a fatality and it 's a slow news day , you bet that all they will talk about is the suspect smelling like marijuana or being stoned . 
thanks babe . omg , duh . you would be amazing ! do you have a branch near you ? 	yes there is a tri - county office in my area . 
what kind of cake ? 	all sorts of cake ! the highlights were a golden syrup sponge and krispy kreme doughnuts . 
i am also awake due to butts .  just , like , life is a butt and i should be sleeping . 	i took a crazy long nap last night when i should n't have , so now i 'm going to be sleeping weird for the next week xd 
no . today i dressed up , shorts and a pluto hoodie . 	i 'll bet you look cute in that dwarf planet . 
yea , there 's totally an iron in my office . in the wheelbarrow that 's next to the washing machine . 	you work in a strange place . what 's the wheelbarrow for ? 
what would vader drink ? : d 	i drink everything . i love beer , wine , bourbon , vodka and rum . i ca n't do gin , jager or scotch . does that help ? 
17 comments in 17 minutes . good morning . i 'm going back to bed . 	now nobody can comment for a full minute .  good night . 
goodness , do you need a cigarette now ? 	i do n't smoke . it 's bad for you . you hear me ! 
i ca n't wait . tomorrow i hope to get some summer clothes . 	very nice ! i 'm hoping for some nice shirts mostly 
heavy drinking . 	sounds like my sorta thing . 
not a fish , fish are for friends . a stapler ? too violent . a pack of post - its ? 	after - dinner mints ? 
friday ! we made it ! : d 	happy cake day ! 
no reason to say sorry ! : o 	felt liek i over stepped or something , s 'why i said sorry 
i 'm glad . i adore him ! 	i have a feeling you guys are going to always have tons of fun together lol . amazing how much you two have in common . 
i 'm not sure if i should feel insulted , reassure you that i 'm sure you 're very much of a woman , or find that strangely endearing . 	let 's hope for door three . 
friday ! we made it ! : d 	yay ! happy cake day ! 
what 's the highest number of cavities you 've had at once ? 	i think 4 or 5 ? i had n't been to the dentist in over 5 years at the time . 
and you still wear yoga pants and a tank top ? power to you . 	no . today i dressed up , shorts and a pluto hoodie . 
people like that make me need a nap .  and a xanax .  hang in there , sweetheart . or throw fish at her head . totally your choice . whatever is most effective . 	not a fish , fish are for friends . a stapler ? too violent . a pack of post - its ? 
it 's not my fault i 'm short . 	it 's not my fault i 'm tall . 
i drink everything . i love beer , wine , bourbon , vodka and rum . i ca n't do gin , jager or scotch . does that help ? 	yes . you pretty much drink just like me . : d light or dark rum , though ? 
i hope you 're ok with me using our picture from the last time we went . you lost weight since ! 	my vanity would allow something like this to be ok , no matter the product . lol hope you 're enjoying yourself down there , brother . 
friday ! we made it ! : d 	happy cake day ! 
lmao i knew it was 63 .  friday brain .  hi stranger numbers . 	i 'm pretty sure that this account must be jason 's too though , just to give people a hard time . maybe . 
dat language . 	a bit of finnish and a bit of swedish : p 
you do n't scare me woman . 	i should . i 'm scary . 
yeah you gotta get in early i guess . still though i do n't think you 'll have to wait till june . 	yea , thats what i was thinking . watching all these videos and seeing pictures of people with their watch makes me so jealous : p 
meaning that people will play the fuck out of it in the beta , play a few days when it is out , and then never return .  with matchmaking the replayability will greatly increase . 	a lack of rank leaderboards wo n't kill this franchise , ubi is doing a good enough job with the gameplay 
hello , i 'm sorry but i 've had to remove your post because it lacks the proper tag , as required by our sidebar . please feel free to delete this post and re - submit with the proper title . 	sorry about that - but , it 's already been up for hours and i would like to not lose all this information . i have re - posted , however . 
do n't smoke and drive , kids . 	whoops did n't see this . no worries , we smoke in my car in the garage at my university . it was back to the dorms after this ! 
they played natural science ! was an awesome song to see live 	ah , that was it . i would love to see that song live too ! really any song from this album , save for maybe spirit of radio 
i 'm shocked that i 'm not seeing any coverage of this on tv . 	the pastors were definitely covered by cnn and fox news in addition to all the local stations . i do n't know about msnbc , was n't watching . 
what so blacks should just let the whites kill them ?  i would burn down streets of houses if it was in defence of people 's right to life 	yeah , they burned down the senior center last night in self - defense . it was pretty clear that it was them or the old folks home . 
i 'm watching rioters stop and join them as they walk 	sorry . was going for sarcastic humor . but just could not make it work 
if love could change the world we would n't have sprayed agent orange all over vietnam . 	protip : in your argument in favor of war , do n't mention vietnam . 
the government listened to mlk because they were afraid of malcolm x . without that fear , change would not have happened . 	the johnson administration had civil rights on the agenda from the start . they invited mlk not out of fear but respect . 
and the media is more interested in getting money than informing . 	indeed . it 's all opinion now . fuck your opinion . i want the fucking news . you can take your opinion and jam it up your stupid fucking ass .   
why do n't you see any secular organizations there ? 	every other organization involved is a secular organization . the firefighters , for example , are not a part of a religious organization but rather a city sponsored secular one .   
these idiots are n't even hurting the people they 're mad at . destroying businesses does n't hurt cops . 	yes it does , indirectly . it makes the city police dept appear powerless and easy to attack , at least momentarily . 
cute ! is that blush or does she have a natural pink tinge ? 	she just has pink cheeks - she was outside on a walk and it was chilly 
she just has pink cheeks - she was outside on a walk and it was chilly 	that 's adorable ! she has the same fuzzy hair as my baby ! 
i can show you a study that shows anything causes or increases your risk for cancer . 	so you 're an anti - vaxxer , only for meat ? 
how does that love promo make any sense with ryback though ? 	i would ask wyatt but he 'd likely answer in some dumb cryptic fashion . 
hang in there my friend . we shall all rejoice by the end of the week . 	i 'm trying . 3 days so far vaping a nautilus mini on 11 watts . far cry from my lemo drop at 30 watts . 
are you interested in just key offers because i 'm eyeing the st dragon king and wanting to trade my st ft guardian . 	market on guardian ? 
you 're setting me up for disappointment bro . that 's like , the dream . 	yeah , my bad . but that is my ideal scenario . three 1st round talents in one draft class . oh god . 
no your just being a dick so i stopped cuz i 'm not here to call people pieces of shit 	fuck off then , being an apologist for imperialism is far worse in my books than being a little rough around the edges . 
fuck off then , being an apologist for imperialism is far worse in my books than being a little rough around the edges . 	bernie sanders is far from an imperialist . you have do capability to see in perspective . 
there 's a goodwill boutique on orange ave in winter park that usually has nice clothes for cheap . i used to buy dress clothes there when i was in college 	i love that shop . i do n't know about men 's clothing but they have some nice clothes overall . 
yeah , i 'm not even sure if it 's legal to own live 30mm rounds . if it is , very fucking awesome . if it 's not , still fucking awesome , just do n't post this online . 	they are n't any different than a normal projectile , just massive . they are n't he or anything . 
what size ? 	sledgehammer with 30 foot long handle behind a blast shield . 
why bother offering an opinion when you do n't have any idea what you 're talking about ? 	if you do n't know why i thought he was a god damned fool , then you are a god damned fool as well . 
appears that way . the primer is intact and they do n't sound hollow . 	yeah , i 'm not even sure if it 's legal to own live 30mm rounds . if it is , very fucking awesome . if it 's not , still fucking awesome , just do n't post this online . 
yeah , seems i got out at the right time . big army came swinging it 's dick around eod shops just after i ets 'd . 	oh man , that thing is huge too . 
would you detail how you did the beginning title ?   	look up blending modes . any video editing software can do this in 1 step . 
i love how mad they get . this is beautiful . i need more . 	the anger really comes from inside . if you did this to a skinny person they would probably just be like yo what up 
i noticed that it says south korea but there is still the default korea icon and color . is that some kind of mod ? 	i have the north korea mod so that changes normal korea to south korea but north korea were n't in the game . 
what android version do you use ? lollipop has this issue where apps close itself because of an memory leak in lollipop . if you are using lollipop , the devs ca n't help you . 	i 'm using an iphone 6 . the game occasionally restarted itself in the past but more so after the nerf and it 's really starting to bug me cause of my longer clone duration . 
what android version do you use ? lollipop has this issue where apps close itself because of an memory leak in lollipop . if you are using lollipop , the devs ca n't help you . 	i thought it was a tt bug but i guess it 's a lollipop issue . hopefully a fix will come soon . 
i do n't know how it works on xbox but on pc you can only share gear if it was dropped in game with you and there is a timer 	consoles can mail gear . gear is n't bound that i 'm aware of . 
what does pulling mean ? like pull back on the handlebars or try and not hit the jump at all ? 	pull your front wheel up as high as you can basically . so yes back and up on the handlebars . 
pull your front wheel up as high as you can basically . so yes back and up on the handlebars . 	and more specifically , get your weight back . it 's basically like trying to manual off the edge . thought do n't get too far back , rear brakes do n't work mid air . 
 'if i 'd have known that i was going to get hit by a cat i would have looked both ways ' edit : derp , meant car , typed cat . but this is the internet , everything is possible 	always look both ways before being hit by a cat ! especially if it 's a bad - luck black cat ! 
they told me that it was unrealistic and that in order to do it you have declare war . 	alright until you fix the numbers it 's still invalidated . 
then stop trying to circumvent the mod rulings . 	they told me that it was unrealistic and that in order to do it you have declare war . 
then i will wait a bit to train the soldiers . but the south korean total stands . 	you 're going to want to resubmit this as an expansion post . make a separate post for the chinese aid . 
that marijuana is n't harmful .  sure , maybe it 's not all that physically harmful , but i 've seen it fuck many people 's lives over when used without moderation .  edit : a word 	this . nothing is all good . anything has downsides . go ahead and legalize it . but please stop lying . 
if bees go extinct a large portion of humanity will die with it . bull . shit . 	they pollinate a lot of the eco system and food .  not a biologist , but any part of the system can cause a domino effect and the bigger a part you are the larger the effect . 
you gave up on the entire human race because a small proportion of them like to take pictures of themselves ? 	just the men . 
that marijuana is n't harmful .  sure , maybe it 's not all that physically harmful , but i 've seen it fuck many people 's lives over when used without moderation .  edit : a word 	my opinion on this is anything ruins your life if it becomes your life . you can become a waste on anything . 
fair enough . my position here is just a guess and i 'm sure we do n't want to lose the bees regardless , but i am curious now . i 'll try the ask science . thanks . 	no problem , sorry i had to bow out , but i would rather concede than mislead you know . heres hoping you get a good answer . 
i 'm sure you 're right , but for the purposes of a forced fight ; based on their natural instincts and weapons , the bear comes out on top way more often than not . 	agreed . those antlers could do some damage but once the bear gets past those , he can do some serious damage and then retreat , and basically wait for the moose to bleed to death . 
it is my understanding that small non displaced fractures may not immediately be seen on an x - ray . then after a day or two it will begin to show more on an x - ray . 	that would mean it 's fair for the medical staff to state it was a sprain initially , right ? 
super small ball . 	small wall ball ? 
jeez how many athletic pgs with elite defense do you need ? 	super small ball . 
do bone fractures not appear on a x - ray ? 	i had a small fracture in the middle of my foot where my pinky toe was and could barely make it out on the x - ray . i could n't walk for months . 
yeah my dad carlos and his husband cecil . 	so damn cool . 
i wish i had a family like that . 	hey your my friend my family 's your family maybe you can meet them ? 
so damn cool . 	yeah the married after my dad left the service . 
you have a car ? 	yeah i do n't have motorcycle it 's really hard to drive those .   
yeah the married after my dad left the service . 	i wish i had a family like that . 
get off reddit and catch up with walking dead . you 're a cast member for fucks sake ! 	but i thought great artists do n't look at their own work until it 's finished ; have i been lied to this entire time ? 
i 'm interviewing for a job tomorrow that would pay me that much with just a bachelor 's . so you 're saying it 's not worth it ? 	an ma entering consulting in a major metro city would earn anywhere from 65 - 150k per year , depending on experience levels . internal od positions that i know of fall within that range as well . 
i 'm interviewing for a job tomorrow that would pay me that much with just a bachelor 's . so you 're saying it 's not worth it ? 	i did n't say it was n't worth it . it 's just not a lot if you 've built up debt over the course of a masters or in general in my opinion . 
are you by any chance taking the vitamins on an empty stomach ? i was doing that and i felt absolutely horrible . started taking them after lunch and instantly felt better . 	thats not it . i take four in the morning with my breakfast . but thanks for the suggestion 
kill a wither , craft angel wings . tinker 's construct as you can make decent high - level tools easily . then move all storage into an ae system . 	this is more mid game lol , id love to see someone kill the wither right when they spawn . 
this is more mid game lol , id love to see someone kill the wither right when they spawn . 	son if your not killing the wither before you punch trees then you 're not playing the game right . 
dae fuck white ppl ? 	all night baby . fuck yea 
um , lets start with just a single rail and we can make it bigger if we want 	we all know that making rails bigger after the basic rail is n't usually what gets done xd 
yeah , i powered it back on right away after the shutdown . i 'll check the event log and let you know what i see . 	probably not heat related either . generally , after a thermal threshold is exceeded , the computer will shut down and stay off until it cools down enough . 
instant reboots are probably not heat related . after the shut down could you power it back on immediately ?  any errors in event log ? 	yeah , i powered it back on right away after the shutdown . i 'll check the event log and let you know what i see . 
rod stewart story is totally true . i heard it from a guy who is in the know . seriously . he heard it from a guy who used to know a guy . 	sorry , but i 'm not buying it until i hear somebody in the comments section say they also heard about it from somebody at a bar once . 
he was too edgy for that town . 	is there a vid link ? 
this is pretty cool ! i 'm starting to think there are people that visit this sub just to downvote everything . 	lol thank you , i 'm assuming most people who visit are about to write a complaint bc they just went to disney and had to wait in lines . 
having real friends . when you are born into a rich family you never get to have the joy of having real friends , it 's actually sad . 	i know plenty of rich people with genuine friends , but i know what you mean . there 'd always be a sneaking suspicion that they were just interested in your money . 
rx bandits - not only is the drummer a fucking madman , but the rest of the band is very talented as well ! 	only for the night is one of my favorite drum tracks ever . 
the vast majority of the time it is n't technical . but it 's very easy to throw in accents and fills and can be a hell of a lot of fun to play . 	ok cool . i 'll poke around youtube and find some stuff to work with 
rx bandits - not only is the drummer a fucking madman , but the rest of the band is very talented as well ! 	if you do n't already know them , check out the sound of animals fighting .  each record features at least two guys from rx bandits , and i think one album had four of them on it . 
it says 6 elements , so besides earth , water , wind , and fire , what are the last two ? unless its a mistake ? 	they mentioned light before . so probably light and darkness 
it says 6 elements , so besides earth , water , wind , and fire , what are the last two ? unless its a mistake ? 	light and darkness maybe ? 
i 'm in finland , eu . where i can find this sale ? 	it is on the psn store .  to be honest it might have just finished , so have a look at the origin web store as well . 
it is on the psn store .  to be honest it might have just finished , so have a look at the origin web store as well . 	does n't origin sell only pc games ?  edit : actually it is on sale at psn store till 28th may . thanks 
quick : yeah , they tend to let a lot of smaller artists play there . does n't pay a whole lot , but it pays . 	melody : it 'd be nice to afford a place that was n't this small apartment . 
quick : would you like to meet up some time , get a chance for a proper introduction ? 	melody : that sounds nice . 
melody : nice to meet you too . 	quick : would you like to meet up some time , get a chance for a proper introduction ? 
quick : and if you 'd ever like to be at the epicenter of the weirdness , feel free to give feather or myself a call . 	melody : will do . er , where does feather live ? 
quick : ah , so you 're melody . a pleasure to meet you . 	melody : nice to meet you too . 
melody : i 'll give those a shot , thanks . 	quick : yeah , they tend to let a lot of smaller artists play there . does n't pay a whole lot , but it pays . 
quick : that 's fine , i 'm plenty used to rather spartan homes . 	melody : come on in , have a seat on the couch . need anything ? a glass of water ? 
quick : oh . i 'm terribly sorry to hear that . i imagine you do n't want to talk about it , i wo n't press . 	melody : i do n't mind , it 's kinda funny actually . 
i dont think i can reach there yet for now , but , on my quest auto , i get a lot of thick steak and filet mignon , thats pretty decent i guess 	what do you mean quest auto ? can you set it up to run on its own ? 
i want to be toxic , i just need to find a way to not get banned for it . 	good luck with that . 
right on . did you ever use your cb outside of trail rides ? 	occasionally . id use it on road trips to talk to others in my group , but other then that , pretty much just trail use . 
at least you are n't a sociology grad student .  i can at least respect how pathetic a marketing undergrad is . 	did n't you major in philosophy or something ? 
the even better part is that it 's from canada . 	hey !   
i 'm still attracted to older men , it has to do with power 	you mean money ? 
i 'm sorry did you think i was trying to build an audience ? an this is n't less effective , if you can do it faster side by side that shit you can use the video above for reference . 	how many echoes per minute do you get with this route . go run it a few times and average it . 
dude . hostility is definitely the best way to respond to your audience . we 're just saying it 's pointless to go farm echoes less efficiently . 	i 'm sorry did you think i was trying to build an audience ? an this is n't less effective , if you can do it faster side by side that shit you can use the video above for reference . 
yeah , he made the roster but i do n't know if he starts for brazil 	he does start . best brazilian defensive mid . 
wow , is this better on storage ? 	yep . better on storage , but definitely prevents being able to record the match effectively . 
no i 'm in the us so maybe thats the issue . it is playing , just not well . 	bummer . if i come across a youtube version or something at some point i 'll message you . 
oh my god that 's quality laughter you just got out of me . i knew there was a reason you 're my second favorite redditor . 	youve hurt me deep .  i dont want to be first loser 
i think one time i had someone leave my party because i accepted a surrender by pirates . it 's really shit . 	nah , crew will never mutiny for accepting surrender , they will if your break a truce though . 
i think it 's cool , but not at the level yet where i 'd like it to be implemented . 	i think one time i had someone leave my party because i accepted a surrender by pirates . it 's really shit . 
i 'd expect that to be possible somehow , given the virus event only chooses an engi . or does it just choose the first engi in your roster , or something similar ? 	hmm , there is that . maybe it is because it uses a blue option ? 
yep , labour is great if you get rid of their front bench , their mps and all of their policies . 	and david is great if you get rid of his front bench , his party and their policies 
right , for this calculation , your house is not part if your net worth . as far as cash flow , your house is a liability not an asset . 	the only other catch would be that if you have a house , then you can deduct the rent from your expenses , i . e . your expenses should be net of the rent . 
just another thought on this though . this would n't work well if a large part of your net worth is tied up in your home , i suppose ? 	right , for this calculation , your house is not part if your net worth . as far as cash flow , your house is a liability not an asset . 
congratulations , man ! so easy mode means , you 're just taking p out of the mo ? 	to my understanding , p means porn . i 'm not watching porn . i am having sex with my gf which means o . 
congratulations , man ! so easy mode means , you 're just taking p out of the mo ? 	i think it 's just o in this case . 
better take a picture before i pull my cat away ! 	actually it was on quick snap . so a second later she was away from the flame . 
is the left wing messed up or am i just trippin ?  anyway , great landing op . 	the wing made some contact with a building i think . if i remember correctly , it happened during a road landing 
i do n't think anyone in n wants to play ss again but i 'd go , and i hear we need air . can i sign up solo ? 	of course , i 'm hoping to do another sort of air census to get a feel for the amount of pilots we have and how many would be willing to fly . 
i think shorten not passing this is more important than having a chance to have the upper hand for 5 minutes . 	they 're not mutually exclusive ? but yeah , fingers crossed . 
idk about nice but i 'm not an animal haha who are you playing with ? 	you mean my main ? samus dog . samus . 
thing is , every dark souls fan pretty much knows that part . ign should have put more work into the questions , rather than the same ones he has answered over the years .   	what other part is there to explore about that question ? like , the inspiration for what he writes about ? 
in the opening cut scene of dark souls 1 , the camera enters an opening in one of the ash trees and travels down the hollow trunk to the fiery lava pit though . 	that 's the first flame . the chaos flame was created awhile after that , in an effort to recreate the first flame when it was dying . 
then ash lake could n't exist . 	in the opening cut scene of dark souls 1 , the camera enters an opening in one of the ash trees and travels down the hollow trunk to the fiery lava pit though . 
a different development team lead by a different director who , based on the interviews i 've seen him in , seem like an idiot . 	that seems super petty . you 're free not to like the game , but the guy made a game lots of people really like . he 's clearly a pretty driven and intelligent dude . 
so you do n't care what happens to your son ? 	i would do my best to find a good home for him and even be willing to pay for care but i 'm not fit to care for him . 
even if it was your own child ? you would n't even try ? 	depends on how severe . i would want my kid to be independent one day , and live their own life . 
so what happens to the kid if the parents give him up to the hospital ? not expecting a happy answer , but some reporting beyond the feels would 've been nice . 	i was kind of afraid of the answer , but i 'm not sure .  maybe they have a home and they just become wards of the state ? 
demo . go read the guide on mmo - champ , no reason to play any other warlock spec . 	hey ! cant seem to find this guide , could you point me towards it ? thx in advance ! 
i have verizon and can attest to this . i actually managed to post snaps and stuff , no problem 	yeah i have verizon and last year i had sporadic data . i 'd get a whole bunch of notifications at once lol . 
only time i use data at the fest is to post the location of the ga camp reddit and a photo of their flag . 	ahh that makes sense . 
wouldnt it be great if studios like pixar went back and re - rendered their catalog of movies in 3d 360 for vr ? toy story would be a whole different experience 	while a cool idea , i doubt all the scenes are fully built in 360 . lots of scenes would probably be completely empty if you turned the cameras around . 
how 'd you become a pro after only picking up the game recently . were you just amazing off the bat so decided to teach ? 	there is a very big difference between a touring pro and a club pro . you are n't going to be on the web . com or pga tour after 5 years of playing . i do n't give a damn who you are . 
i 'm far from scratch but it comes down to practice . lots and lots of practice .  did i mention practice ? 	yea but if you keep drilling in that banana ball swing , you ca n't expect anything other than getting really good at hitting banana balls . 
im scratch and i rarely practice . play . play . play . 	same thing . 
it was a lot of effort just reading that . 	sorry man too many words . 
anything with luke in is brilliant , immediately his vocals take forefront of music . i would love to see him as rings of saturn vocalist . that would be best combo in deathcore . 	first thing i thought of when i heard this . i still think he should be the new faceless vocalist . 
new drivers for my 760 2gb maybe you do n't have them ? idk mines just fine 	tbh the new driver is only for 900 series cards . 
oh yea , i ca n't wait for that , i just hope one of my more wealthy org mates will let me ride along , lol . 	i 've got space in my connie and a rear seat in my hornet if you ever need a ride . 
yeah , this - hotas support is still sketchy for my x - 55 so i 'm just kinda biding my time , waiting for more of the formal game to show up . also really interested in multi - crew . 	oh yea , i ca n't wait for that , i just hope one of my more wealthy org mates will let me ride along , lol . 
i think many players fear the early burnout . i want to enjoy it thoroughly when it comes out , like i 've never touched it before . 	yea i do that with games , and i do n't want ac to burn me out before i really get to enjoy sc . 
definitely ! that 's why i 've always considered getting a dashcam . so there is actual evidence , and you can also get their licence plate number . 	i 'm thinking of getting one too , proof of someone being an idiot in living color is always good to have . lol ! 
seconded . fits the criteria perfectly and sounds great . every time i hear it in a track , i dig the way it sounds and it 's pretty decently priced secondhand . 	can you recommend an example of when you can hear it stand out ? i 'm bad at reverb identifying . 
i hate to be that guy but what you just advocated was positive punishment . a common error . : p 	yes , you are correct . good catch . 
soon as he talked about not being in a contract with the cops , my eyes rolled . then he admits anyway to his crime . 	he says this because he knows the law being enforced in this country is contract or statutory law . 
it 's how browsers work . the alternative is to freshly load the page every time you go back . 	auto refresh ? 
i know i 've watched way too many cat videos when i already know the breeds of these cats . 	i know , i 've never even owned a cat and i find myself able to list breeds . 
if you like storytelling , you will love it . they use a lot of clips from this show as acts on this american life . 	i did give it a listen , it 's very interesting . i 'm going to subscribe for sure . 
cool , thanks for the link !  i 'll give it a listen in a bit ! 	if you like storytelling , you will love it . they use a lot of clips from this show as acts on this american life . 
you 're either an amazing troll and i 'm unable to pick up on this sarcasm or the joke flew over your head . 	i am just not a smart man : d  i did n't look at the picture for more than half a second , i assumed it was a strange feature . 
u do n't like this song but u like lookin at this dude ? 	yea i watched it once to check the video and a second time bcs i found that this track might be able to ear and now i like this track . 
did you seriously pose in front of a different collage each time ?  glasses look great on you ! 	it 's at home , not in shop . and the collage is a present my husband got me with 150 of our wedding pictures in the shape of a heart .  thanks you 
can you describe the flavor of it ? 	like when you go to the dentist and they polish your teeth with the drill thing and you can taste the burnt tooth flavor . 
i do n't really think this stuff is hard , it 's just annoying 	if you ca n't even do something you do n't like for only one semester , maybe engineering , or studying in general , is n't the right thing for you .   
yeah right . its getting a ton of negative press , you probably bought it already and you 're incredibly defensive over a joke . grow up dude . 	do n't decide what he spends his money on . at least he is n't biased and can actually enjoy the game , play it and form his own opinion .  go play a game yourself before being a critic . 
i have no thoughts on the game . do n't want bloodborne . just annoyed at your shit comment . 	yeah right . its getting a ton of negative press , you probably bought it already and you 're incredibly defensive over a joke . grow up dude . 
yeah right . its getting a ton of negative press , you probably bought it already and you 're incredibly defensive over a joke . grow up dude . 	i have no opinions like i said , yet . i am only annoyed at your low effort and frankly shit comment . 
that 's where mine is . right next to the bed . moving to a house this month though so now it gets to live in the garage . 	bikes need comfort ! 
maybe scoot your bed away from the wall a bit to fit your bike between the two . 	not a bad idea ! i 'll probably do that this weekend , i do n't like leaving my baby outside in the cold so vulnerable : p 
not a bad idea ! i 'll probably do that this weekend , i do n't like leaving my baby outside in the cold so vulnerable : p 	i would n't either . i keep both mine indoors as well , thankfully my three roommates do n't care . 
that is the best comb in the entire world . xd 	i promptly buried it in my purse to emerge in the era of bad hair - a . 
o my god . i did n't get past the microphone stuff . more cringy than the uk version of the office 	you mean the original and the only real office ? oh you muricans . 
obviously you 're not a runner . technically it is the endorphins to which we become addicted , but they 're delivered by distance running .    winter has been driving me insane , this year . 	i 'm sorry . i 'll go for a run tomorrow for you . 
oh ? comics and gaming has legacy ?  i 'm at college now , but i 'll be back in gainesville for the summer , so that 's awesome to hear ! 	yup , i started going last spring when they started it up so they 've been doing it almost a year . 
is he a mini rex ? or a regular sized rex ? he looks like one and he is very cute . 	i 've been told he 's a mini rex , but mostly he just thinks he 's a dog . 
one small pellet scoop , unlimited hay , the occasional treat , and a few veg each day . according to the poops though , we gotta weed out a little of the pellets . : p 	if he 's getting soft poop the veg could be the culprit . i 'd try reducing that too 
what do you feed that beast ? 	one small pellet scoop , unlimited hay , the occasional treat , and a few veg each day . according to the poops though , we gotta weed out a little of the pellets . : p 
aside from actually getting funds , funding campaigns in places like kickstarter and indiegogo would also serve as a marketing tool making the user base bigger .   	making the user base bigger is n't a goal when developing libre software . while the developers are always happy to see people enjoying their work , the user base is a quite secondary goal . 
is it just me or has the calculator stopped working ? ca n't get any results 	i just tried and it worked for me . try a different browser maybe ?  alternatively , there are quite a few other sites that calculate tdee as well . 
great thank you i 'll go try this now ! 	awesome ! 
have you thought of controlling the extraction ? only going for ten minutes then pulling the bag out ? maybe doing a test batch , one gallon ? 	i 'll probably try this before i give up on the idea . i read that a good way to do crazy test batches is to make a gallon of tea and scale your additions accordingly . 
i shoot them with a tripod and a remote trigger . you can see the clicker in my hands if you look closely enough 	what camera did you use ? 
could one of them be when we play them . pls 	only if we get one , too . deal ? deal . 
where 's stephen a . smith shouting about how bell needs to get his life together ? 	i think the steelers should have to vacate every game last season , forfeit their entire draft , and forfeit any chance to get to the postseason next year because of this ! 
that 's a tough suspension but i see the logic . a dui arrest is two games , and a drug arrest is two games . the fact that they happened simultaneously does n't matter . 	was n't dwayne bowe just suspended 1 game ? 
and what is your opinion about the original then ? 	it 's awesome . to be honest , i was making more of a general comment about all of the remakes . i 'm just sort of tired of it personally . 
this had tom cruise attached a while a go .  too bad , he would be perfect for this , and i was looking forward to see him in a movie with a huge main cast like this . 	i saw that too . did n't know he left the film , that 's too bad . 
if gangster squad and monuments men taught me anything , a great cast does n't equal great movie . 	gangster squad was n't that good , but i thought it was fun enough because of the charming cast alone sometimes a good cast can make a mediocre movie worth my time 
if gangster squad and monuments men taught me anything , a great cast does n't equal great movie . 	i 'd add the counselor to that list 
we usually have no problem with pro controllers . just as long as you can sync it properly with every setup you use . 	thanks man ! i 'm looking forward to it ! 
aww thanks it means a lot really hah ! 	i want to fight your tink . 
is there anything on the steam store that would n't require being account locked for a few days ? i know keys have to sit for a few days now but i am not sure about everything else . 	what do you mean ? if you want the game now but can only give me keys after x number of days , i am fine with that . 
amelia bones : what the hell is a video camera ? 	hide whatever device dumbledore used to record hermione 's death without going there himself . 
hide whatever device dumbledore used to record hermione 's death without going there himself . 	does bones even know those devices exist ? 
you cant time travel inside of wards , but you can time travel outside and walk in . potter made huge mistake . 	not the wards of azkaban . but those might have been special , i do n't remember . 
big wood bolts from home depot plus some glue . 	alright cool . i 'll be making something very similar to this at some point during the spring i think . 
i do n't know what kind of work i 'd be able to do on that . it 's gorgeous and i would be afraid of damaging the surface . really pretty . 	thank you for such great compliments ! means a lot 
the part where tyrion kills gareth in the church . 	in the bag there is a battle axe with a red handle . i 'm going to kill you with it . 
florida - people want to be here so bad they constantly shit talk it . 	only people who have never masturbated in public find florida awful .   
ya me either , the fans are obnoxious but the scenery and environment is absolutely beautiful 	there are places all over the country that beautiful . 
eagle , hauler , adder , anaconda afaik . 	maybe python ? 
just happy to see 90 's eagles get recognized . i do n't care if the method use for the chart is right or wrong 	90s eagles were a ton of fun to watch . 
little surprised to not see the 76 steelers on this list . 	i 'm actually surprised our 2001 team is n't listed , statistically they 're our best defense of this era . 
the way their d penetrated so hard and fast got me all sorts of excited . 	my favorite d of all time . i love how strong they were . i often fantasize about once again having that big strong d 
i like a football life . 	yeah , they 're a great offseason fix . i hate draft hype . i like news , but after that , it 's too much . 
the way their d penetrated so hard and fast got me all sorts of excited . 	their d was huge and hard as a rock . whenever there was a hole open , they penetrated it immediately . 
that tampa d was amazing . fun to watch . 	them 3 pick sixes in the super bowl . 
wow . i expected the giants to be up there a few times 	yeah , surprised the big blue wrecking crew isnt up there 
and now he 's a federal judge . 	state judge . state supreme courts are the highest authority on laws that fall under the jurisdiction of the state , but federal judges deal primarily with constitutional law . 
it 's because they 're using adjusted yards per play . 2000 ravens still have the record for fewest points allowed in a season i believe 	fewest points in a 16 game season specifically but yes . more impressive than yards imo . 
he is a state supreme court judge , no other nfl player has done that , it 's more than just being awesome . 	i do n't disagree , but that 's an awesome fact , but not necessarily a gripping story . which is why it would make a great episode of football life . 
10 - 6 with that awful offense . 	a defense with 48 take - aways definitely helps . 
that 2005 panthers defense was really good . cool to see them listed . 	really fun team to watch play , and criminally underrated . 
i have not been watching football long enough to know we had a good defense at one point in time . 	do some research on the dome patrol . best lb group in nfl history . 
wow . i had no idea about any of this so thanks for the football lesson . alan paige was probably so fun to watch . 	and now he 's a federal judge . 
what a freaking legend !  they 've made a shitload of football movies over the years , this man 's story should be one of them . 	seriously . i feel kind of selfish being a vikings fan and not having had to share him with the rest of the nfl . really , i feel more sad that i 've tried and not been able to share him . 
hey , trevor . big fan . did i leave my phone charger in your car ? i ca n't find it and it 's not at sam 's . 	just checked . not in the car . call sam 
first song on the special was straight up fat bottomed girls . how does that make you feel ? 	yeah . i noticed that while we were recording . but made sure we changed it enough so as to not get sued 
can you please write a musical ? i feel like you could create the next book of mormon .   	i 'd like to do a thing like the wall . 
what 's the darkest joke that you know ? 	there 's another one that is n't dark but i find funny :  why did the semen cross the road ? i wore the wrong pair of socks 
how does one acquire a gallon of pcp ? i 'm asking for a friend . 	you go to the grocery store and buy a milk gallon and dump it out and then write pcp on the side ! 
just one question , if you 're still around . how much time did you guys spend thinking of strip club names for the strip club names sketch ? 	a whole afternoon . it was the best afternoon of my life and when i die i hope it flashes before my eyes 
is there some twitter feed you like to read but wo n't follow ? if so what 's the reason you do n't ?  btw kitty history is rad , you made my week . 	thanks man ! no , i dont have any twitter feeds that i like but wont follow . why ? what 's yours ? 
i know i will . the show rocked . i posted that as a statement rather than a question and it got deleted . no question , you funny man . 	by the way , high in church is my jam . 
yeah ! how 've you been ! i 'd love to play down there again ! that was a fun room ! 	good man . congrats on the special . cant wait to watch it . 
we 've gone through a couple different ideas for movies . we 're still working on them but right now we 're more focused on a tv idea we like . 	awesome i ca n't wait ! also so looking forward to the show tonight , it 's gonna be amazing 
what was it like being part of such a raunchy comedy group and what are the other actors like ? do you guys just brainstorm sketches that will please or just do whatever you think is funny ? 	we just write for whatever would make us laugh . 
in 'high in church 'did you use your real mother , or an actor ? 	actress . 
sure . he 's great 	bo is amazing ! i 'm seeing him on march 25th ! 
i know some of the sketches were edited , but did you guys actually curse in front of kids ? did they need permission slips from their parents or something ? and how did you get them ? 	the only thing we couldnt do in front of kids was the one line in trevor talks to kids where i talk about president bush masturbating in front of his dad . we had to spilt screen that . 
yeah . i noticed that while we were recording . but made sure we changed it enough so as to not get sued 	great song to base it off of - there 's a ton of low hanging fruit to throw a shout out to it in future iterations . also i 'm drunk and ca n't believe you responded . want to freestyle ? 
hey trevor been watching your videos for years .  do you stand up to wipe your butt after a deuce or stay in a crouched position ? i 've been trying to develop a consensus . 	standing is for folks who enjoy having an unclean brown eye . sit and use baby wipes and you 'll feel shower fresh every time . 
did you watch lost ? what do you think the ending meant ? 	never saw it . but i think they were dead 
hey trevor ! thanks for the ama !  i was wondering what 's something that touched you in your life ? 	when people show up at our shows and have driven a long way , like 8 hours , it always makes me feel really guilty , but thankful that people are nice enough to us to support us like that . 
sour patch kids . but the ones that are shaped like watermelons . not the ones shaped like the kids 	i did n't know there was a way i could become more of a fan of your work until this moment . 
were you a fan of the state ?   i am going to stay up late to watch your special since you have been hanging in this ama all day . also because i am a huge fan . 	thanks ! i rally love their stuff now . but i did n't watch a lot of mtv as a kid so i missed their first run . i found there stuff more as an adult through youtube 
i saw that no country for old men is one of your favorite movie . i like hearing people 's various interpretations about that that movie , especially the last scene . what 's yours ? 	you 'll never defeat the bad in the world . but it 's your job to keep throwing yourself against it to keep the fight going 
my personal favorite has always been getting high with dinosaurs , who 's idea was that one and how high were you while filming the video ? 	that was my idea . we were at a hotel party on the road and i started singing that as a joke to darren and he said 'you should do that next season 'and that was that 
how much fun would we have if we got drunk together ? 	i do n't know . are you cool ? or are you kinda weird ? 
i fucking love hunting accident . 	clock 's ticking , bob ! it only takes jesus 4 . 5 seconds to get to earth ! 
hey trevor ! i bought the special and loved it ! i was wondering , do you think that you will ever release a special that 's all a live show instead of a mix of live and sketch ? 	not sure . lately i 've been into the music stuff . so that 's what i 've been writing mostly . but maybe later down the road ! 
given the changes made to the design , would you be angrier now if someone peed on your ipod shuffle , or more impressed ? 	more confused . that is our most dated sketch . it makes no sense anymore 
what 's the secret to your beautiful hair ? 	wash it in showers and cut it every now and then . 
i 'm the tallest . sam 's tall too - but he plays mostly comically monster girls . 	follow up - why is sam always so hilarious ? girl or otherwise . 
not really . we , stupidly , did n't think it was that controversial . we just thought it was silly 	why are your blazer sleeves so short in that sketch ? 
poor timmy has to home school his children . 	i almost choked on my food while reading this comment . ! 
would you rather fight one horse - sized duck or 100 duck - sized horses ? 	neither . they can do to me what they must . but i would approach them with nothing but peace and love . 
i 'm still here ! i 'm staying . i live here now . 	neither . you should never effect anything in the past because then you might not be born ! 
river or sea otters ? 	sea . hands down . no question . fuck river otters in their stupid river otter faces . if i ever see a river otter i bet i fucking throw up everywhere . 
do you feel alive right now ? 	i 'm in such a weird space . i been in this room for 10 hours straight . i feel outside of life 
what color is your mood ring ?   	i have a mood ring for a wedding ring , because i kept almost losing my real one , so i got a cheap one that can get lost . right now it is purple 
if it was supposed to be an attractive girl : darren .  if it was supposed to be a monster : sam if it was supposed to be a middle aged housewife : timmy 	timmy also plays the role of the attractive elementary school teacher .  seriously , timmy had a pretty great bust in the halloween costume sketch . 
trevor , i 'm having trouble falling asleep , can you read me a cowboy story ? 	it 's your turn ! 
do you like the white stripes ? you and jack white should do a thing 	i do . i also like his solo stuff even a bit better actually  
hey are you still here trevor ? have you ever played bioshock or metal gear solid ? you should play them . 	i 'm here ! i 've played bioshock ! i like it ! but i like marble ultra blast better !   
you go to the grocery store and buy a milk gallon and dump it out and then write pcp on the side ! 	would n't it be cheaper to buy a gallon of water ? 
instead of film ? or instead of internet ? 	internet . tv is almost a dead medium , and there is censorship .     
whats your favorite video game ? also how much weed should i get tonight for your special . 	call of duty . and this xbox360 game called marble ultra blast . you need 3 or 4 
you go to the grocery store and buy a milk gallon and dump it out and then write pcp on the side ! 	lmao thats hilarious . if youre other stuff is as funny my sides are about to get a workout ! upvoted and saved . 
do you mind that i 'm still on here ? i do n't want to annoy you or anything . 	not at all . its just you and me scotty . we 're gonna answer all this shit . you 're my assistant . 
is timmy still alive ? 	he works at my local radio station ! 
that would a good way to show your respect though . 	this would make military funerals very awkward . 
no , i 've heard he 's a really great guy ! 	ah hahahaha ! thank you so much for that song anyways : it always brings a smile to my face , no matter how shitty the day . you guys are fantastic . keep up the great work , good sir ! 
we put a script up on a big projector and then we go line by line and pitch what would happen next , what the characters would say and we make sure that we 're all in agreement with everything . 	man that sounds so weird but i bet it 's a lot of fun doing it with friends . 
i know some of the sketches were edited , but did you guys actually curse in front of kids ? did they need permission slips from their parents or something ? and how did you get them ? 	i do n't know but he might have . in the pope rap , he got kids to dance on a stripper pole and i 'm pretty sure some of the songs have kids swearing . 
you go to the grocery store and buy a milk gallon and dump it out and then write pcp on the side ! 	pumped i got to ask trevor this in person . super nice guy . best trip to nyc ever .  you 're awesome , trevor . 
yeah ! i made a few of my best friends in that chat room . a lot of us stayed connected . it was always good times . 	no way ! that 's crazy . that web page was a piece of shit but the funny thing is , i think it 's still better than the one we have now ! 
does magic really exist ? 	watch the end of tonights special ! 
set an alarm ! dont miss it ! 	i would n't dare miss it , sir ! 
what made you do drunk texts instead of drunk texts 2 ? 	har mar was n't available that day . so we did volume 1 with reggie via tv 
dude , that sounds like my nightmare . finally meet you , try to make an inside joke , and now one of my heroes think i want to give him a handjob 	that would a good way to show your respect though . 
you 're still going ? fucking legendary . i gotta ask , is that story about you going to mexico true ? cause it was hilarious . also , any plans to do some work in arizona any time ? 	yeah it 's totally true . it had just happend to me the week before we filmed that show 
a bunch . i do . 	i saw it a lot in here , and it made me laugh . 
i love surfing so i 'd love to go to australia . but i hate bugs , so i have mixed feelings . 	it 's true , there is a lot of weird shit here . the beaches are worth it though . thanks for the response , huge fan of the show and your recent album . founding fathers is my jam . 
fucking awful . do it 	oh god , i 'm cracking the fuck up . you 're great , dude . definitely going to be trying it some day 
sour patch kids . but the ones that are shaped like watermelons . not the ones shaped like the kids 	the cvs imitation of that is the only sour candy i still eat . 
sorry that i 'm asking another question but i just realized that i 'm doing a skit in class . i was wondering , do you have any advice on keeping a straight face and not breaking character ? 	just run it and run it till it 's not funny to you anymore . but dont forget why it was funny . 
are you in pennsylvania ? cause thats where he is right now . 	yes ! right on the border of pa and de . 
we wanted to try to do other things . still work together but do something other than sketch . 	i feel popular now . 
what was the inspiration of referencing akron in your sketches ? i know you once said that you had a friend from akron but why was it funny to you guys ? as somebody from akron i need to know . 	one of my good friends was from there and moved back . so i 'd kind of put it in there as a shout out to him for when he 'd watch it . 
why were you in drag the least out of all the guys on the show ? i can probably count the times you 'd dressed up as a lady on one hand , but you always looked great . 	i 'm the tallest . sam 's tall too - but he plays mostly comically monster girls . 
i 'm about to graduate this spring and i do n't know what i 'm going to do afterwards . do you think i could work for you ? 	the pay is very shitty ! and the boss is very unreliable 
write a book ! 	what would the book be about ? i 'd read just about anything , to be honest . 
that 's amazing ! yeah i could tell it was one take because timmy briefly breaks character , and also how wrecked the set was . 	when does timmy break character in it ? i ca n't find it 
he said something about working on a pilot and was talking about some new dates but that 's all i know 	you the man scotty ! 
i do n't know . are you cool ? or are you kinda weird ? 	i 'm pretty cool with drugs and i do cool shit . 
yeah , just do it as much as you can . it 's cliche but treat it as your job and it will eventually become your job . 	thanks man ! 
i was originally studying broadcast journalism . so maybe a reporter . i think it would be fun to teach history and write books about history 	man that 's awesome ! congrats on the 8 hour ama btw , that 's gotta be some kind of record ! 
i believe so ! i think that was the end of that sketch ! no one ever brings that one up . thats a deep cut . 	it 's one of my favorites , i probably watched it 20 times in a row when i first saw it . and where can i get one of those costumes ? 
i 'd love to . i 'm a shitty surfer but it 's one of my favorite things to do . i would love to surf in australia 	might end up like shark boy though haha . 
i do n't know . but i hope not tonight because i want people to watch my special . 	thank you for that sketch . a friend i work with laugh about that all the time 
step 1 . call in sick step 2 . sign in to ps4 step 3 . co workers see you online step 4 . workplace bullshit 	ca n't play video games while you 're sick at home ? at least it 's proof you 're home and not at the carnival or something . 
you mean to use on the ps3 ? i 'm thinking of getting a headset anyway but it would just be nice to have the same functions on the newer console . 	no . i thought you wanted wireless headset audio on ps4 . that was what my response was for . maybe i 'm confused . 
privacy : people have the right to game online without having to announce it to everyone they know .   	i feel that 's missing the whole point of playing online ? you play online to play with other people , not ignore your friends list .  if you want to offline play , pull your internet plug ? 
no . i thought you wanted wireless headset audio on ps4 . that was what my response was for . maybe i 'm confused . 	oh no i meant that because you can plug your earphones into the controller for wireless sound it would be handy to be able to play films and tv shows on the ps4 like we could on the ps3 . 
wow i 've been misreading these for a while ! now it makes sense thanks 	yeah they should really make that more clear . 
i made a request 3 days ago . yet to even get a response . if you get one lucky you . 	no harm in trying as i said it 's not the matter of life and death i 'm just short on funds and if the sale would continue on next weekend i could buy it no problem 
one of my friends put up a video of her bf and her on the toilet peeing together . she was sitting on his knees and he was sitting on the toilet . 	nooooo . the mental image is so bad . 
how could one aquire flair here ? 	you can get it on the sidebar near the subscribe button . 
i have trouble sleeping so i generally watch asmr videos at night before i go to bed . i turn the volume down until i can barley make out the sound and then turn it up one notch . 	i do this a lot as well . if i 'm in bed i use the lowest volume setting on my phone , and even then i would n't mind going just a bit lower 
i let them soak in a bucket of cool water and dish soap for half an hour or so and then gently rinse them . no scrubbing or anything . 	is temperature important on water ? 
is temperature important on water ? 	as long as it 's not really hot , as that will warp the plastic . room temp - luke warm is fine . 
nooooo ! you 're making me picture horrible awful things . oh god the smell why 	can you imagine the fupa slapping , sharing different varieties of mould and fungus hiding under the flaps ? 
nooooo ! you 're making me picture horrible awful things . oh god the smell why 	sorry for the visual . i am trying hard not to think of the varied unwashed smells there could be . eww 
oh jfc if there 's one thing i hate more than a whiny fatty it 's a fat couple . that means they 'll most likely reproduce even more fat people . son of a bitch 	do n't worry the offspring wo n't last long 
oh jfc if there 's one thing i hate more than a whiny fatty it 's a fat couple . that means they 'll most likely reproduce even more fat people . son of a bitch 	they 'll probably be dead before they 're able to teach the child shitty eating habits . 
wake her up ? i wouldnt . my little dick could pierce that ass , give it two pumps and be done ! 	well that 's one benefit of a needle dick lol 
terrible car drivers are what truck drivers have to deal with in real life , so i 'd say it just makes the simulation more accurate . 	ya their bad driving was even worse than mine at times . 
you 're lucky you did n't get fined . i 've had ai change lanes into me and i get the fine 	ah man that would suck . 
the problem is skins do n't account for every possible sound , and default sounds get thrown in for sounds not in the skin 	i only ever hear my one sound so idk whats up with you , sorry m8 
so could a thick river just take it from that lake to the ocean ? 	i think it 'd be neat for the rivers to be made from springs and the lake feeds into a cave system underneath . 
that lake that is filling has to drain somewhere . it can be underground , which incidentally would be really cool . but it ca n't just sit and pile up . 	so could a thick river just take it from that lake to the ocean ? 
ya i went from silver one to silver 3 in 2 games someone in the lobby after told me their was a ranking glitch today idk if thats true i made a post on here about it but no one replied . 	yeah , i do n't think its a glitch 
i agree with this but i also agree that some of the prices for things are just silly . face paints should not have 5 - figure price tags . 	100k for extra custom license plates is ridiculous . bright side it is a one time fee per new plate . 
i would be more scared of somebody stealing a switch or something . this is a school right ? my kid self probably would have . 	i must admit , i 've thought of unplugging something before , but i do n't want to get anyone fired or anything when they ca n't find out what to plug it back into 
one ap per 30 students is not overkill at all . 50 client max does not mean 50 clients fast . 	and not every classroom has 30 . some will have none , some will have very few . the conference room has one with no one hardly ever in the room . the office is the same way . 
where is the server exactly ? ca n't make out much detail in this action shot ! 	well , it 's right next to a working sink , in a bathroom , and that tray thing below it is because it sorta fell off the wall once 
should i be worried ? i might write an apology email in the morning . i 'm very british . 	could be worse , you could have punch him in the face and the internet would have been pissed you were fired . 
you should expect a prompt apology in their reply . 	i should hope so . i do n't think they will be sleeping a wink tonight after reading that . 
if he were canadian he would write the apology e - mail that night out of an inability to sleep until he had done so . 	and he does n't have capacity to work from home so he drove to the office in the middle of the night 
it means he sells human bone and skin . 	the money can then be exchanged for goods and services . 
maybe our captains , and leave vince on there since he has n't signed elsewhere . 	it 's time to move on from vince please . 
ugh , we were so close to repeating dynasties a decade apart . 	nice attitude . you act like we just got bounced out of the wc round in the 2015 season . 
that was n't really amazing . he had so much time and it was directed at his corner anyway , would have been embarrassing for him if it would have been a goal . 	sorry , are you anti germans ? look at the distance , man ! and plus its ronaldo ! he even thought he had it ! 
sorry , are you anti germans ? look at the distance , man ! and plus its ronaldo ! he even thought he had it ! 	nah , i 'm more german myself and saw a football game or two in my life . neuer had very impressive saves in his career , this is n't one of them . 
oooh ooh  wait what , fuck around with you pre - match ?  oh sorry , it 's our fault you ca n't pull players over to play on an afternoon when we 're doing it in the morning 	you 're a toxic shitter , and i ai n't got the patience to deal with ya . 
oh so usage is down ? is that all ? 	yup . that 's how non - ban tier drops and raises work . 
i did the update on my note 4 with sprint and it is listed as one of the first settings . no problems here . 	hmm maybe the stock rom i initially used was the issue . thanks to lollipop and samsung gear vr i have flashed this turd at least 7 times lol 
that was not for the note 4 . it is not in connections as the other one described . i know where it should be . it is just not there . 	maybe your update didnt patch properly ? i have the note 4 as well and its at the very top of my settings , just under the quick settings . 
set the g - sensor to it 's lowest sensitivity so that speed bumps wo n't set it off , then punch it when you want to save something 	oh sweet . thanks . 
that 's bibi giving the finger to his own people because he doesnt give a fuck about them . 	sure it is . whatever makes you not cry 
you ca n't say you want peace when you 're the aggressor with all the power . 	being weak does n't make you just .  we hold the power and that 's why we exist . look at syria and the genocide there ! 
apparently the leftist shit in the media lied to the general population and tried to swing the election to the left side . they failed .  war is wanted by our neighbours . we want peace .   	you ca n't say you want peace when you 're the aggressor with all the power . 
actually bibi is more likely to drive israel into the ground . 	not without destroying palestine completely out of spite he wo n't . the racial hatred he has for arabs is off the charts . 
yes , let 's just not kill any more jews . other people , fine , just no jews . said israel . 	yeah , that 's exactly what i said . right .  if someone decided to kill off everyone in a group you belong to , you would want to stop them . jews in israel feel the same as you would . 
racist shit . the same in america as they are in israel . 	yeah , they should let more arabs into their country and fuck it all up . lol . 
no electoral fraud in israel ? 	no illegal immigrants , so no . 
they do not demand 1967 . they want 1967 with land swaps . this has always been what they have asked for . again you are saying things that you know are wrong . 	why should there be land swaps at all ? why should the border be based on 1967 in the first place ? the only thing that should decide the border are the current facts on the ground . 
apparently the leftist shit in the media lied to the general population and tried to swing the election to the left side . they failed .  war is wanted by our neighbours . we want peace .   	but the guy that was elected said he would never want a palestinian state ? isnt that what both sides have been trying for years ? 
their demands are ridiculous , and you know it . they want everything to go back to how it was in 1967 . it 's completely absurd . they need to realize 1967 is long gone . 	they do not demand 1967 . they want 1967 with land swaps . this has always been what they have asked for . again you are saying things that you know are wrong . 
nato resolutions ? uhm , you mean un ?  go play outside and leave this discussion to the adults . 	omg you are so right thank you soo much for being the bigger person and totally understanding my mistake . . your argument totally fixes the issue at hand . 
but the guy that was elected said he would never want a palestinian state ? isnt that what both sides have been trying for years ? 	of course . a palestinian state would just mean more war , but this time with a state . it 's easier to fight the enemy when they do not have a state , than when they do . 
or he 's trying to use it as a political crutch . 	that too . he said it right before the election . that ca n't be a coincidence . 
cause it is he who said the the country should be wiped out from the map and not iranian leaders . 	mis - translation . 
yes wiping palestine off the map . literally . 	show me a map with the country palestine on it ?  a blood thirsty mafia ruling gaza and a powerless figurehead dictator at the head of the pa , a country do not make . 
any error codes ? check all fuses 	start here , report back with error codes . 
an awful lot of what seems to be rubbish and very little quality .  i need deathwing to not be terrible . 	total warhammer should be pretty great , ca n't wait for a first look at it . even if ca always releases buggy games i just ca n't stay away . 
you could go to virginia beach and richmond has a lot of cool museums and the zoo . 	my wife loves zoos , i 'm a fan of museums , and we both like the beach , so richmond and virginia beach are on the list .  thanks for the suggestions . 
sadly in the us there is still very little help for the poor . very poor children and people old enough for medicare can get somewhat adequate assistance , but that is about it . 	very poor people have medicaid . 
yes but that has nothing to be with being an independent contractor . 	currently i get no deductions at all because i ca n't claim them if i am dependent . so would n't i get a deduction from my total profit ? 
holy shit for someone that enjoys a show about vikings you 're kind of whiney . 	the content of the show has nothing to do with whether i 'm whiny or not . 
thanks . what store ? 	i 've actually never been when they were they are signing , but in the mall they have a little court and hoop set up . i 'm guessing it will be there not in an actual store . 
best of luck to him . unfortunately i will always remember him as the man who fumbled in the sb . when he played for us he seemed to have the issue of keeping the ball close to his body . 	dislocated his elbow in college during his last year , he has never been the same at holding on to the rock .   
take . banana cream from tfa , its clear , but banana cream from la is yellow . any theories ? 	yeah , food coloring . 
it was ten touch , win by two , max of twelve . so you could n't win 10 - 9 , but you could win 12 - 11 . 	needlessly complex really , would love to have the 2 point rule though 
well then i forgive you for your lack of hair . its not your fault . if i was an open relationship kind of gal living on the west coast i 'd message you . 	that 's what i like to read . now just move and change your opinion . 
i did n't even know about your shop . just looked you guys up , very cool operation . i 'll have to come in and check the shop out here some day soon 	awesome ! 
very nice . i 've never been to your store but now i 'm itching to make the drive up from tacoma . 	one nice thing about the shop is meeting the folks that drive from miles around to come here . 
great work , i know this kind of growth must be exciting for you guys . 	it is ! it 's pretty neat to look up and see all the new stuff we 're getting in . 
what are you gonna do with those legs , make a lamp ? 	nobody would want a leg lamp . unless it was a major award or something . 
nope . it 's the opposite . anybody who shows some optimism seems to get beat back . bears fans are acting like beat dogs , especially about the marshall trade . 	oh well my sympathies . i picked a random team for my example , i had no idea lol 
yea , and all the good free agents are picked up . we hav n't had good corners in a decade , so it does n't give me confidence that they will fix that issue before the season starts 	ok so the pass decade you have done perfectly fine without great ones . 
because you are n't giving your fo time to work on it . it 's been like what 2 weeks ? 	yea , and all the good free agents are picked up . we hav n't had good corners in a decade , so it does n't give me confidence that they will fix that issue before the season starts 
ok so the pass decade you have done perfectly fine without great ones . 	no , it was a big flaw in not winning a superbowl , which we did n't do until we picked up good corners . we could not get off the field . and now we let them go and did n't replace them . 
are you even reading what i am writing ? 	yes and you sound like an entitled idiot . so i 'm still waiting for you to answer the question 
spoiled ass pats fan , my god . 	and just because the pats win a lot means i ca n't criticize them ? that 's just stupid . they are n't infallible and still improve . 
they did it for 28 , and 29 because they were outside . it 's to protect against potential rainfall . 	while we 're in the middle of record setting drought in ca . sound logic . 
still ca n't see shit 	you can see everything actually . the fact that they havent done most of the stuff is different . 
while we 're in the middle of record setting drought in ca . sound logic . 	does n't mean there is n't a chance it could rain . 
mice are stealing all our good treatments . 	the rat bastards . 
bro im not going to give you a breakdown on why moa are logically and objectively a shitty alliance .  i 'm just tryin to talk shit here , why you gotta go all aspergers ? 	okay , yeah , looking through your post history i am kinda silly to have expected an interesting conversation here . have a good life .   
okay , yeah , looking through your post history i am kinda silly to have expected an interesting conversation here . have a good life .   	i think you 'll find i actually have twice as much comment karma as you do .  check and mate 
i 'd like to think that moa improved after adopting some of the tactics of the people that used to farm them for years in pure blind .  might be optimistic though . 	can you show some facts to support your opinions , because if anyone is farming anyone for kills it is moa farming the cfc 
why would those topics be considered a circlejerk in the technology sub ? 	i think the sub is supposed be about actual science and technology , not just the politics around it . 
i 've read some article a while back describing how starship troopers is some really underrated satire , satire which was missed out by the majority of viewers . 	i have a hard time believing most people miss the satire .  it is not subtle . it 's the opposite of subtle . 
i do n't see what 's scary about the idea of one 's child having sex outside of the risk of pregnancy which can mitigated by getting them protection . 	so , you 'd let your kids have sex in the house ?  you guys are acting like the only way your child can be taught sexual responsibility is by letting them have sex in the house . 
i do n't really understand this attitude . 	maybe you should explain why you do n't understand it . 
i do n't think you meant any harm ! man , it is really hard to convey tone over text i guess . i totally did n't take offense to anything you said . 	ok , excellent . tip o 'the hat to you . 
he has two sons who he does n't like to hear fucking .   	there are too many ways to read this sentence . 
wow . dude , is a man wanting not to be forced out of his own house a nerd power fantasy now ? 	only on reddit . not in the real word , so you can be at ease .   
was it her idea to move back to her turf ? 	it 's just always been the plan . living in utah near my family was its own set of issues until about a month before the move when most of my family decided they did n't believe anymore . 
good advice . unfortunately making couple friends outside of church is something neither of us is all that good at . and we have 2 kids under 2 so it makes it a bit harder . 	look around in mexico meetup . com . there 's usually play groups there . 
yes , i 've bought something like 40 dollars of rp over the last 3 years . no need to patronize me . 	oh wow 40 bucks that 's worth all of the content they 've put out for sure 
basic free - to - play tactic . it rewards you for coming back every day instead of binge - playing in the weekends . 	well they also give regular friend bonuses as well do n't they ? 
this wo n't ever happen because then we would n't buy as much rp . 	i really doubt that , the amount of money they make off skins alone is probably a lot more than they would lose if they upped ip per game . 
but then why would anyone buy the ip boosts ? 	ip boosts are futile anyways , it 's cheaper to buy champions with rp than to waste money on boosts . 
gotcha . well i only have 25 or so games of hots so i am certainly no expert on it . neither game are my poison of choice tbh . 	haha a dota 2 fan ? or did you buy smite 's ultimate god pack ? 
i 'd rather have the choice of when i play . 	assuming you 're not running on pure mathematical calculations , you still do . 
it 'd just be nice to be able to unlock all champions after playing like 2 , 500 games over the course of 3 years . 	i have almost all champions but i only play like 10 of them , you really do n't need all champions lol . 
i never hear about people buying ip boosts , they 're not even really worth the cost 	the only time i 've bought an ip boost was on a double ip weekend . usually i play a ton during the weekends , so buying the 1 or 3 day boost actually works out since the bonus stacks . 
this would actually be fairly nice . i find league is a lot harder to achieve champions than other mobas due to high ip costs 	have you tried heroes of the storm ? the costs to get characters are outrageous compared to how much gold you get per game . 
hey let 's make league of legends easier , that 's a great idea if you want this game to die . 	except the horrible grind is whats killing the game . 
it 'd just be nice to be able to unlock all champions after playing like 2 , 500 games over the course of 3 years . 	you could consider , you know , buying some rp and supporting the company that gave you thousands of hours if fun ?   
this would actually be fairly nice . i find league is a lot harder to achieve champions than other mobas due to high ip costs 	riot is more generous than blizzard . i think ip costs are fine as they are , but if they reduce them any further then maybe we 'll be able to sap the life out of dota 2 . rito pls . 
you could consider , you know , buying some rp and supporting the company that gave you thousands of hours if fun ?   	i have no idea why you 're in the negative , people feel so entitled to have everything in the game without giving anything back 
have you tried heroes of the storm ? the costs to get characters are outrageous compared to how much gold you get per game . 	motherfucker you got a beta key ? i aint got shit after like 4 months . 
you 're acting as if league is n't successful 	successful using its current business model . 
have you tried heroes of the storm ? the costs to get characters are outrageous compared to how much gold you get per game . 	or you could play dota and have all the champs for free . 
they take no skill to begin playing .  thats why they cost 1350 .  my point . 	price has nothing to do with how demanding champ is to play . 
have you tried heroes of the storm ? the costs to get characters are outrageous compared to how much gold you get per game . 	how is that game compared to lol ? i know they are different but is it worth actually playing ? 
have you tried heroes of the storm ? the costs to get characters are outrageous compared to how much gold you get per game . 	i 've been playing since december and i have 18 heroes , which is about half the roster , it 's not so bad . 
congrats on playing for 12 hours a day , i guess ?   	congrats on crying about playing the game to buy champs ? 
this would actually be fairly nice . i find league is a lot harder to achieve champions than other mobas due to high ip costs 	yeah high ip costs , means that you need to work so much for a champ , so you will start thinking about buying rp , at the end riot only wants more money . 
its the same shit as in hearthstone . you get a small boost daily then jack shit for just playing . 	basic free - to - play tactic . it rewards you for coming back every day instead of binge - playing in the weekends . 
riot sells ip boosts so they try to limit how much ip you get . 	close . they limit ip so people will spend rp to get champs and extra rune pages . no one really buys the boosts compared to the champs . 
this would actually be fairly nice . i find league is a lot harder to achieve champions than other mobas due to high ip costs 	i mean , considering they make money off people buying champions it 's not that ridiculous - the operation has to be paid for somehow . 
have you tried heroes of the storm ? the costs to get characters are outrageous compared to how much gold you get per game . 	to be fair it 's in beta , it 'd be kinda silly to have people with everything possible unlocked in the account once it reached open beta . 
its the same shit as in hearthstone . you get a small boost daily then jack shit for just playing . 	i have n't played hearthstone in a while , but getting good at arena is essential if you wa n't good cards and do n't want to pay . arena is also arguably a lot more fun than constructed play . 
have you tried heroes of the storm ? the costs to get characters are outrageous compared to how much gold you get per game . 	maybe people actually learn how to play champions in that game then . 
was n't paying much attention to how much gold i get , but either way it was really easy for me to get the gold 	it 's made to give you a lot of gold at the beginning and then almost none later . 
dota 2 needs money to keep the game going as well , they do n't have paid champions . you can make any arguments you want for ip being in the game but the fact is it 's not strictly necessary . 	dota 2 does n't need to make money .  valve 's cash cow is the steam platform ; they could literally never release any game ever again and still turn significant profits . 
in dota everything is free , your point being ? 	it 's almost like dota 2 was made by a company already generating profit and already has a large successful market of community driven f2p games . 
it 'd just be nice to be able to unlock all champions after playing like 2 , 500 games over the course of 3 years . 	finally got all the champs after 5 years and about 5000 total games . 
ip boosts are futile anyways , it 's cheaper to buy champions with rp than to waste money on boosts . 	i 'd agree with buying champions with rp however you ca n't buy runes with rp . and runes are kind of the shit . 
i love bikes on display like that . i 'll have to post mine when i get the rack set up again . 	well i ran out of options though . i had my bike stolen from my patio last year . so had to bring them in . 
agree . naturally a mode like this is going to put hero survivability under the microscope , which was not happening up until this point , only dps . 	i vaguely remember a similar thing happened when cosmic terminals came out . 
if they ca n't speak they ca n't live . 	no mic , no life 
the thing that i like most about the update is the ability to render objects with strokes around the edges to make it look cartoon - styled . i ca n't wait to put it to use . 	this has been part of blender since 2 . 67 , and in cycles since 2 . 72 . it 's a lot of fun . 
it 'd be awesome to have no idea , to not know anything about the flash and his story , the theories and reactions that would happen with the viewers would be crazy 	i watched it with my ex - gf . she would just be mind blown by some stuff in the show . and i would 've been waiting for it the entire time . 
well yeah . he voiced the joker in several animated series 	seriously i do n't care how , just let him be an live - action on screen joker already . 
damn shame . not because people should read them to watch it , but because they 're awesome . 	yeah i hear they 're pretty awesome 
it 's a picture like this that makes me a bit afraid of a heavy cgi use for luke and han in the upcoming star wars . 	the old crew will be old in the movie . they are supporting the new younger cast . 
it 'd be awesome to have no idea , to not know anything about the flash and his story , the theories and reactions that would happen with the viewers would be crazy 	it must be similar to those who never read martins ice and fire but watch game of thrones . 
jesus , this is the first april fool 's joke i 've fallen for all day . 	i 've fallen for all of them , but i guess i 'm just stupid xd 
jesus , this is the first april fool 's joke i 've fallen for all day . 	well , depending on where you live , april 1st pretty much just started . 
where did you got the idea that scott manley works for squad ? 	not so much that he works for them , as it is they routinely give him stuff to show off . 
i knew as soon as i saw the link in the description on the video . oddly enough , this was one of the very few times i actually read the description before watching the video . 	i knew when i woke up this morning that he would post this video . oddly enough this is a false statement to make me look cool to anonymous internet people . 
when your game developer makes a detailed april fool 's video like this you know you 've supported a good company . 	where did you got the idea that scott manley works for squad ? 
i assume it still locks rotation when you switch to a different area and time warp . 	nope , it saves the vessels angular momentum and resumes rotating it when you switch back to it . 
nothing is real today ! nothing ! 	nothing is true ,  everything is permitted . 
he still could serve time , i 'm not sure he has gone to trial in ga yet . 	until then he should be allowed to live a normal life then . he paid his bail . 
rolando has a total of 7 penalties in his career , including the slam on the wr . thats not a lot . you have o lineman that will have that many in a single season . 	he has yet to play a full season and was mostly benched his last bit with the raiders so that statistic is a little skewed . 
until then he should be allowed to live a normal life then . he paid his bail . 	he is still allowed to lead a normal life . 
april fools ? 	this would be a horrible thing to make an april fool 's joke about , but i ca n't trust anything today . 
i guess jonathan taylor only abused one woman . 	from what i 've read today , this is the same chick . 
uh huh family you brought that up just to insult that one person . right . 	you two are exact copies of al . com posters its funny just watching it live . 
uh huh family you brought that up just to insult that one person . right . 	again , reading comprehension man . i said him and members of your fan base like him . that 's a lot more than one person . 
she probably did n't want to be the woman who go the football player sent to jail but i do n't know maybe i 'm jumping to conclusions on that too 	that 's why we have to wait for law enforcement to make the call .   
started trying after work , so 5 central 	and so did everyone else . that 's about the time the servers died . i did n't get anything else done until 6 hours later when i was able to complete one last survey . 
weak . i want a dragon . 	yeah , its kind of annoying . and the big orange banner that pops up when someone gets something awesome is getting really old 
third class team ! 	fourth class fans ! 
yeah , i 'm going to give the guy at least the chance to get some coffee in him and get back to me . but i have no intentions of getting screwed on this . 	do n't wait , you have to act asap . report through ebay and paypal . if you wait your claim can be thrown out . 
haha oh wow .  they can just send them directly to each other now . 	i suggested back to the seller so he 'd have to pay the extra postage and feel that punitive sting in his wallet . : p 
i am going back home in tomorrow should be alright . 	make sure to take a video of you opening the box , in particular the box it was shipped in . that way you have an airtight case in the event of having to file a dispute . 
it actually does n't look bad . i picture poland as a complete miserable shit hole , nice to have perceptions slightly altered . 	poland is actually quite strong today , economically . the poor eastern european states you 're probably envisioning are belarus , romania , and bulgaria . 
i grab a rock , scratch a few runes on it , and throw it at the crusader . the rock begins to glow red - hot in flight . 	the rock hits the crusader head - on , but he shakes it off and holds on to the rope . he kicks at the genie and you can tell that if he keeps this up , the platform is going down . 
i open my textbook . sigh . i 've done this before . oh well . i pay attention till the end of class . 	the class goes over some specific runes while a couple students take notes . the class ends at 1 : 15 and you have an hour and fifteen minutes to go eat lunch before alchemy class . 
i can think of at least six words said after a game that syracuse fans were n't so happy with .  also why did you leave the big east ? please come back . we miss you . 	football man , fuck it .  fuck college football ! 
dude , calm down . i have no idea why people are jumping all over my case . and what stigma ? 	that you guys are sore losers . 
but i went with my boyfriend ? you must be mistaking me for someone else . which kinda shows this is a real issue with you freaks . 	a lot of spitting was done that day . 
all black a . harrison 's that play basketball for kentucky look the same 	false , you filthy racist . andrew 's hair is longer . 
man , i 'm from chicagoland . i was a fan through the early 2000s so i know what you mean . just a joke based on our last two performances . 	it had no place in your open letter and it was a bad joke . either way , your not helping the stigma against wisconsin fans at all . 
aaron ? do you mean andrew ? oh , i get it . all black people look the same to you , do n't they ? 	hey , you have to admit those two bear at least a passing resemblance .  thanks for the correction . 
it had no place in your open letter and it was a bad joke . either way , your not helping the stigma against wisconsin fans at all . 	dude , calm down . i have no idea why people are jumping all over my case . and what stigma ? 
only reason i 'm bitter is because we probably wo n't see another chance at 40 - 0 in a long time . 	you guys will have a good shot at the title every single year , it will be a long time before we have another one 
only reason i 'm bitter is that wisconsin is n't going to have as good of an opportunity for a long time 	only reason i 'm bitter is because we probably wo n't see another chance at 40 - 0 in a long time . 
oooh is it already open letter season ? 	at usc it is 12 months a year . 
that you guys are sore losers . 	i do n't understand how congratulating a team on a great game and saying we dropped the ball is being a sore loser ? 
if you still have the platinum game i have 330 coins , a gold reward , and paypal 	unfortunately the only thing i have left is mewtwo dlc and a 200 coin game . 
wow this is amazing ! i remember when we were told that in - hand lighting just was n't possible . does it cause any lag ? 	it caused lag when i updated the light every tick , i changed it to just once per second and it works fine now . 
it caused lag when i updated the light every tick , i changed it to just once per second and it works fine now . 	why do n't you make it a client side visual change instead of changing the light level ? 
wow this is amazing ! i remember when we were told that in - hand lighting just was n't possible . does it cause any lag ? 	ah , i always wondered why you could n't have a head lantern ! i thought it would be so useful and it seemed silly it was n't an option . 
one more thing , does business class include a free beverage or free beverages ? 	think it 's just one . i do n't know for sure , i 've only traveled business class overnight on the night northeast corridor trains and never bothered to get drinks . 
i actually also bought canned crab meat at the fish shop , but decided i wanted only lobster in my mac . what are other good ideas for crab meat besides cakes ? 	seafood chowder or a crab salad maybe ? 
mmm love canned salmon . i just make patties or seafood chowder with it . 	i actually also bought canned crab meat at the fish shop , but decided i wanted only lobster in my mac . what are other good ideas for crab meat besides cakes ? 
you just add color lines ? 	yeah , but i was using split depth to try and add a 3d effect 
my mistake . guess we can leave it as a test 	it 's not your fault the mods are a bunch of cunts , but stay the fuck away from my cereal ! 
it was n't . the playstation eye puts this at probably around holiday 2007 , so they may have run out of christmas or black friday stock . 	good catch .  the wii still did boom in the holidays for a few years . 
he does n't look that bad for lower leagues though , this guy is 33 , he does n't need huge determination , youngsters need high determination . 	correct me if i 'm wrong but determination also , erm determines how a player reacts if the team goes behind . 
are there really guinness sponsored ambulances in ireland ? 	no . the guinness brewery has an industrial fire brigade but one of their vehicles is marked as an ambulance , but as far as i 'm aware it 's really just a modified rescue vehicle . 
the true lifesaver here is the lift at the back , once someone is one the stretcher no more lifting done ! 	yeah since 2006 all frontline emergency ambulances must have a tail lift . that 1 of the eu standards brought in . no more lifting ! 
i know where you 're coming from on denying my so affection . good luck my good sir . 	you too , friend ! 
what if she 's being ironic and we are just being assholes ? 	irony is not allowed on the internet . 
is it weird that i love the smell ? 	really weird . : p it kind of made me sick . but if it does n't make you nauseous , then power on ! 
man , it 's been ages since i read wot 	is it good ? my buddy has been trying to get me to read them for years , i 'm just more of a scifi guy . 
is it good ? my buddy has been trying to get me to read them for years , i 'm just more of a scifi guy . 	do yourself a favor and stay away , lol 
i always described the campus center to my high school friends as the waffle in the middle of my campus . i love this ! 	i always described it as the soviet waffle .  i think this banner needs a tiny little russian hat on top . 
well it 's your own damn fault for being a filthy red player : 3 	does anyone else see the irony the player hating red so much he became a red mage just to hate on them harder ? : p 
well it 's your own damn fault for being a filthy red player : 3 	hey man , the impact tremors deck is a thing . i swear . 
ask them about japan 's whaling . i think it would be incredibly funny to see sjw 's defend whaling . 	meh , whale 's not that delicious . 
could someone tell me what breed the dogs are ? they 're so cute ! i want one : d 	looks like some sort of shiba inu to me . 
i also feel like it would have been impossible for them to do this without any help from koreans . 	assuming the farm owner was korean , it was explicitly required . plus customs and all that jazz . 
as a norwegian .  you are wrong . whale done right melts on your tongue . 	american who visited norway , can confirm . whale is the baby sea cow of the ocean . 
where are these vegan men centrally located ? to be honest , i do n't know a single one irl . 	no particular location . scattered all over like me . i cant recall another vegan man i 've meet , of course im in the midwest . btw im vegan irl . 
that my friend is deep black hole that sucks people in til their existence is no longer here . 	since we 're friends now - is that an invite ? because i rather like existing . 
i want to believe in winnipeg but i do n't think they 'll be able to beat anaheim . that said i 'm not sure how healthy anaheim is gonna be afterwards 	honestly i think the peg has this series . the ducks tried this two goalie shit last year and it did n't work . they 're still a soft team too 
pmd you , should be a great group for you to gain some more knowledge . 	can you pm me too ? i 'd like to join a group . 
pmd you , should be a great group for you to gain some more knowledge . 	thanks a lot will have a look ! 
wicked makeup . is that a bus you 're in ? 	indeed it is ! if i had my camera , which is getting repaired i would take pictures , we did a ton of new stuff to it . its a work in progress , wood and nails and bits are expensive . 
i could be wrong , but it looks like the contour is intentional . kind of like she 's trying to create an illusion of a skeletal look on her face . that 's how it looks to me anyway . 	yep , i use black to contour with . i bought a bronzer but it just makes me look gold and sickly . like i have liver disease but i was wearing gold paint earlier . 
woah ! i liked this !  nice twist to a common perception of the image . 	i was looking through the sub and that image went a little different . it was less about the monster and more about protection from the monster . gave me an idea and i ran with it . 
tsm went 1 - 1 against gv this split iirc . also c9 went 1 - 1 agaisnt tsm , and the first game was incredibly close up until the very end . 	wasnt the 2nd game with bjerg on cho and doing basically nothing ? it looked like tsm pulled a comp out of their ass that game . 
i made a statement , if you dont agree with something i have said , then you should say which part you dont agree with and why and i have actually made an arguement 	and where is the argument ? 
well the rookie award really ca n't go to the same person 	yeah , pretty logical 
who the fuck said there was a problem with him being korean ? i said he 's korean meaning he 's not american smh . 	your post is completely irrelevant then , nationality is irrelevant . 
i cant argue with you cuz you didnt write a single argument . 	i made a statement , if you dont agree with something i have said , then you should say which part you dont agree with and why and i have actually made an arguement 
only a horrible person would 've dented my hatch . 	true evil . 
match in the gas tank , boom boom . 	awww man , you totally killed my lady wood ! 
i just do n't get it . i never have . so many ladies find him incredibly attractive and i need someone to explain it to me because i have never seen it . 	attraction is subjective . that 's why we all come in different shapes , sizes , and colours . 
masturbated in class ! how did you ignore that ?   	well , i was in middle school , so i was rather quiet about odd stuff . and also , i think the teacher may have noticed , so i figured she would do something about it . i do n't think she did . 
ebay low for english nm is 19 , so 24 . value of the chain ? 	lowest i 'm seeing it is around 20 - 22 . you see anything small you 'd like to fill in the gap ? or would you do a 1 for 1 ? 
what 's stopping it ? because last time i checked he was n't on the skullgirls store page but if you search beowulf in the store , he should come up by himself . hopefully that helps ! 	oh searching for him . when i went to the skullgirls dlc page and he was not here .  edit : got him . his story is amazing . 
well , if you 're looking for a tight sporty car that you can feel the road on , the town car is not for you .  its meant to be comfortable above all else . 	the ls is n't sporty . but it 's not completely numb like the panthers . it 's no wonder old people can drive through buildings or run over groups of people without even noticing . 
his voice is so unique , he really has a special way of talking ! i love it 	yep . recently started watching person of interest and love it because of him 
thanks for the help buy php is out of my league right now . i do n't even think i 'm set up to be able to use it . 	if u start now u 'll know what that line does by the end of the day and you will feel so much happier and will be a better person . serious . 
miller time will take us to game 6 . if we win one in calgary we win this series . 	that 's the way , one game at a time . 3 - 2 comeback is in reach for any team . 
investing is a gamble with no guarantee return , house equity could serve one equally well 	how does house equity sitting there doing nothing serve you as well as getting a return on an investment ? 
hm , well i finally bit the bullet and signed up for my roth ira through vanguard a few minutes ago . i was planning to do it sometime this year ! 	nice work ! that 's a good step into taking control of your finances and your future . read the content here and put together a good plan , and stay focused . good job ! 
lower interest rate on a 15 year mortgage . the only reason to choose 30 years and pay in 15 is flexibility . 	yup . lower required monthly payment , but higher interest rate . 
why is this person being down voted ? i thought he was correct . if that 's not the case i 'd love to know why . 	investing is a gamble with no guarantee return , house equity could serve one equally well 
yup . lower required monthly payment , but higher interest rate . 	right now ? that 's like a half percent difference though . 
investing is a gamble with no guarantee return , house equity could serve one equally well 	i would n't compare gambling to investing . and you could also consider house buying an investment as well . 
we paid off a 15 yr mortgage in 8 years , but we really , really wanted out of debt . ai n't nobody taking my house . 	except the government if you do n't pay your taxes , or your hoa for using periwinkle paint they do n't like . 
especially considering how much money you could make investing the amount your not spending if you do n't pay off the 30 yr faster . 	why is this person being down voted ? i thought he was correct . if that 's not the case i 'd love to know why . 
go with the 30 , pay double payments going towards principal if you can . this way you are not forced to make a higher payment of so thing come up .   	the flexibility is worth the money unless you are super rich the . who cares . 
they were talking about the mortgage not stock in reference to cash flow . 	but if the extra money is tied up in the market where is the extra money coming from ? 
no one puts money in the stock market if they want cash flow and flexibility . because returns are n't positive each year . 	he means after 30 years , that money you would have put towards the 15 year loan is essentially worth more due to the roi after those 30 years . 
except the government if you do n't pay your taxes , or your hoa for using periwinkle paint they do n't like . 	forgive my ignorance but how does an hoa take your house if you own it . i was under the assumption that their tactics centered around you having a mortgage 
there are a lot of people in this thread talking about how they sold their collections . where is the best place to sell your cards ? 	local game store or people in your local magic community , best to give back and support them rather than a random ebay seller 
free and for any country . you can also visit other country 's and meet foreigners 	cool , i might give it a try 
hahaha i thought that might be a problem , is the app free and is it only for usa or can i use it in the uk 	free and for any country . you can also visit other country 's and meet foreigners 
i did n't play gta 4 . sorry . lol . do n't know that meme . i looked at it on the pc years ago and saw games for windows live and was like nope i 'm good thanks 	yeah , and now , with five being out , it 's pretty much obsolete . especially if you already own five . 
wait , what a weird lay - out for the app then .  i could have sworn you were the guy talking to the girl . 	the layout is pretty weird . 
i think clemmings in the only ot in this class who has the potential to be a franchise lt , so that 's where that rating comes from . i 'm a big fan of his upside . 	amen , sister . he 's third overall on my big board . 
that 's a huge reach for denzel perryman . there were much better players left on the board . 	on my big board , every player ranked from 25 - 66 has a second round grade . for me they are practically interchangeable . remember that all rankings are different . 
phew . texans and 49ers are the hardest picks in the draft if you ask me . i 'll wait to see if any san fran fans come to rip my head off . 	yeah having shaky needs with picks all in the middle of each round makes it hard to really fill any needs . 
i thought the ravens made out okay . my brother who is a ravens fan did n't like the p . j williams pick but he 's not bad at 3rd round value if you ask me . 	that 's what i was feeling as well . not a fan of williams but in the third i feel like he 's a solid option 
how 'd they get it on there ? sew a side back up ? 	yes . cut and re - sew . 
or take that price to best buy to have them price match today so you do n't have to wait for shipping . 	nope . sold the fuck out everywhere near me . 
woah , i like the transparent star on his face ! 	i think that 's pretty cool , too ! reminds me of that gurren lagann mask near the end . 
you have to get items to change the color or you could just mod the game ? 	i have to mod the game , i want to change the brimstone with a texture of fire , but the fire is red and not yellow 
hi and welcome ! we do n't mind that you 're not a female at all ! can you let us know what products you currently use and your typical routine ? 	a random razor , i 'm not sure of the brand , and i really do n't have a routine , i 'm honestly just trying to build up from scratch . what products should i start with ? 
one word guide : uniqlo 	honestly this is the truth . you could get almost everything for any basic look from uniqlo . 
as if arguing will un - remove your post 	if you classify their new album as metalcore , you need to get your head checked . it 's not really an argument . 
chew looks really cool , i think i might get that . 	the art style is really neat . 
lol that 's pretty hilariously off base i hope that kid does n't think everyone who does anything sexual is terrible 	if you fucked her i could see where he is coming from maybe , but still that was uncalled for . 
my exact same unit to greensboro charged last night and is prepping to ship too . 	when did you order yours ? i 'm in monroe , nc . about 30 minutes from charlotte . i got mine on the 13 of april . 
but he 's not dead . 	but he 's still rolling in his grave . it 's warm . 
fark and sa , way back when , i never got involved in those communities , i was on dial up back then . spent more time on newgrounds and yahoo ! chat back anyway . 	surprised you would spend so much time on newgrounds when you had dial - up . 
i do n't mind green beans or peas . i can choke those down today . 	try baby carrots and my all time favorite you should enjoy granny smith apples . just cut them up and take a bite of that delicious shit 
broccoli . cheap , easy to prepare and only has 30 calories in a standard serving . plus you get to feel like a giant devouring a small forest . 	broccoli bangs hard . 
that 's my kind of snack already . those are two that i actually enjoy ! 	raspberries and blackberries but only when they smell really sweet . 
that 's some advanced veggie eating right there , not quite suitable for a starter 's taste buds . 	so many vegetables are delicious when prepared like this . 
i 've been on a roasted asparagus and mushroom kick lately . so easy and delicious ! 	i freaking hated asparagus until my wife made them this way . i ca n't get enough of them when she makes them now . 
this man wants to eat fruit an vegetables , if he eats a single potato he would break the keto cycle and do more harm than good 	well suppose he does n't end up liking vegetables . 
came here just to says this start with the sweet . do n't forget berries , pineapple and ripe bananas . for vegetables try sweet potatoes , fresh sweet corn , boston lettuce and avocado . 	corn is a grain , not a vegetable . 
my dad eats no fruits or vegetables . his mom was just a terrible cook . she ruined a boxed birthday cake once 	talented lady . 
pan - fried brussel sprouts in bacon and butter . 	this is the only way to eat brussel sprouts . 
baked brussel sprouts with olive oil and kosher salt ! 	toasted with sesame seeds makes them taste really good . 
corn is a grain , not a vegetable . 	sweet god , that seems to matter to you . i 've seen the same comment from you in this thread a few times ! 
baked brussel sprouts with olive oil and kosher salt ! 	that 's some advanced veggie eating right there , not quite suitable for a starter 's taste buds . 
corn is a grain , not a vegetable . 	knowledge is knowing that fresh sweet corn is technically a grain . wisdom is knowing that it 's generally treated as a vegetable in the summer . 
baked brussel sprouts with olive oil and kosher salt ! 	pan - fried brussel sprouts in bacon and butter . 
potatoes are very healthy . 	are n't they completely starch ? creates a high spiking insulin response . 
corn is a grain , not a vegetable . 	i forget is it animal , vegetable or mineral ? 
dang people do not feel like helping you .  can you show me your team so i can see which areas could use an improvement ? 	thanks for the offer , but i already wasted my 100k on 98 lynch lol . probably a bad deal 
holy shit thanks for introducing me to thug kitchen that is amazing and this recipe looks amazing . 	yeah ! the recipes are great ! 
the more i hear about france , the less i like it , and the less i want to visit the place someday . over - regulated , anti free market , generally a lot of statist bs . no thanks . 	your loss . 
if you know you will get fired in next month will you do your best at your job ? of course you wo n't , stop trying to make it look like it 's not a handicap for him . 	your dumb why would you play shit any intelligent person is going to play well to attract offers from good teams if he shows he can play at international level . 
that would have saved me money in all the mid and low range crap i bought . 	that was kinda my thought on it .  i love music and want to enjoy it , lets cut to the chase i guess . 
seems to be in pretty good condition and that dust cover is definitely a nice addition ! 	never saw a dust cover on a model m like this before . i will use it unless it does n't clear my 4 monitors at work . 
link ? because these numbers are the clinton foundation 's . 	on a phone , but that should n't stop you . 
where did you find this ? 	there are so many websites i visit for research that i have lost track of what came from where . 
if you 're going to spam axe throws , try farming for a sheriff 's badge . the fire rate boost is really noticeable . 	i 'm level 47 atm , i have n't reached that mission in true vault hunter mode , would it be effective to go into normal mode to farm it ? 
this is the kinda stuff that makes me not trust a fart . 	careful of the build up . if you do n't vent soon , you 're putting everyone you care about in grave danger . 
your geometry classes sure paid off ! 	joke 's on you , i did n't go to school ! 
this is sooo good . great work from them . i 'll definitely have to check this band out . 	they are a great band . i feel like they 're just on the brink of getting massive . new album coming out june 1st so it 's a great time to get into them . 
maybe the guy has a home office and that cat has been a cat and chewed the shit out of the computer cables and sharpened their claws on a bunch of important documents . 	your answer is a lot better than mine . i was really drunk when i posted this . 
i am not worried about the score dropping a bit , but all i wanted to know is why they did a credit check after - all ? i would 've used that opportunity shopping for some car loan or loc . 	you know that you 're allowed unlimited number of inquiries , right ? you can still get your car loan and your line of credit , there 's nothing stopping you . 
i am not worried about the score dropping a bit , but all i wanted to know is why they did a credit check after - all ? i would 've used that opportunity shopping for some car loan or loc . 	credit unions are fairly easy going and you should n't have too much trouble finding out why they checked . 
i think it 's like a score card .  customers : 100 mcdonalds : 0 	that 's even worse . they should counting every experience with a customer as a positive . 
cool recipe , good luck with the website and all ! 	thank you ! i will pass along the message ! 
why does the ufc have videos like this taken down when the video brings more attention to the sport ? 	because as the reebok deal has showcased , the ufc is currently in a process of cashing out for short term gains and not thinking strategically . 
is she super tall ? why does her belly button look like it 's too high ? 	she is bending slightly . making her breasts look lower . her bikini bottoms are also very low . 
how much do you weight and how long have you been powerlifting ? 	179 this morning . i spent like 6 months fucking around and a year on a real program . 
i 've actually continued to gain strength while cutting though my total is only a little under 1000 . 	how much do you weight and how long have you been powerlifting ? 
what 's a dire bear ? 	while generally any animal with the word dire in front is a lot larger and more aggressive version of it . for example the mythological dire wolf or the ones in got 
he means like a god . capitalizing god would imply it is the christian god 	nah , the abrahamic god yahweh is far more powerful . genesis , revelations , exodus , and all that . 
you mean like god ? 	he means like a god . capitalizing god would imply it is the christian god 
1 . does it take an in game screenshot , or a windows screenshot ?  2 . not sure if this is a troll 	not a troll , me and 5 friends can confirm . e : ingame - screenshot 
unfortunately for you this is my cmv and requires you to change my view , not prove mine to yours . 	he 's trying to poke holes in your argument , by showing the lack of evidence . 
unfortunately for you this is my cmv and requires you to change my view , not prove mine to yours . 	unfortunately for you , you 're the one making the claim and thus the burden of proof is on you . 
anyone know have a link for this ? not on pirate bay , youtube , or google video . would love to watch it but not willing to pay for it in case i get bored after the first five min . 	a quick search shows the kensington - normal heights branch of the library has a dvd copy on - shelf at the moment . 
what were they gonna do , jump in to find out if he 's armed ? he said nothing in response to a surrender query . not worth risking lives to find out . 	the regular garden variety police standoff might have saved a life . he killed nobody at all in his rampage . just some destruction . the guy wanted to die anyways . 
yeah i could n't believe it either , but it 's always been great in my experience . it 's a whole new ball game , i 'd say give it a shot . 	for me the adderall just eats the benzos and i ca n't even feel them 
yeah , i 'm sure he 's crying his balls off as he sits in his shop in burbank surrounded by millions of dollars worth in classic cars . 	i did n't like his tv show , but his online car show is great . if you love cars , check it out . 
pretty sure he 's just driving his cars and having fun . i think his heart was never really in the tonight show ; he just did it to make millions and finance his true passion . 	leno says that he 's never spent any of the money he 's made from his late light shows . he 's earned a steady income from standup gigs . 
yeah , i 'm sure he 's crying his balls off as he sits in his shop in burbank surrounded by millions of dollars worth in classic cars . 	pride and glory is priceless . 
people downvoted my dress haha . nice . nice . this is gonna be great . 	you look beautiful ! people are awful . you love your dress and that 's all that matters ! 
you can rely on reddit 's top comment to always be the first idea that pops into my head after looking at something . 	my first though was he could be a hand model and remembered that post from this week about the lady hand model . 
pssh , amateurs . just shoot it in the sink and wash it down the drain . 	do n't do this . everyone laughs off sewer people but they 're coming ! 
why are all your fingers the same length ? 	i 've now been examining his hand for the past five minutes or so , thank you . 
why are all your fingers the same length ? 	why 's the paper arm so damn skinny ? 
why are all your fingers the same length ? 	i actually had to count his fingers to make sure that there was only 5 . 
why are all your fingers the same length ? 	he 's the original ruler for double line spacing on term papers . 
reddit : constantly proving to you that you 've never had an original thought in your life .  including this comment , which i heard someone else on reddit say . 	or that you are not the only one thinking something .  as in you 're not alone .  in a good way ! 
pssh , amateurs . just shoot it in the sink and wash it down the drain . 	pssh , amateur . just shoot it in your hand and let your dog lick it up . 
you can rely on reddit 's top comment to always be the first idea that pops into my head after looking at something . 	reddit : constantly proving to you that you 've never had an original thought in your life .  including this comment , which i heard someone else on reddit say . 
you can rely on reddit 's top comment to always be the first idea that pops into my head after looking at something . 	your comment is essentially what i was about to post as well . 
how do you poop while wearing a cape ? 	flip it over your head - instant privacy tent 
be a man . use your hand . 	prolly could get away with using a couple fingers . 
why are all your fingers the same length ? 	you have a weird ass hand , sir 
why is the roll half gone already ? 	half of it was used to make a toilet paper cape . 
how do you poop while wearing a cape ? 	same way youd wear a dress , duh 
how do you poop while wearing a cape ? 	but the hero is n't the one pooping . 
looks like paint to me . not even paint . net . regular paint . 	well , that 's where i paste my screenshots . its right there . paste , crop , save , upload to imgur . is there an easier way ? probably . do i know what it is ? definitely not 
why are all your fingers the same length ? 	he had the surgical procedure that gives you better masturbation grip . 
hey , that ceremony was a week ago ! i sat in front of you . s 'go bucs 	haha , right . there was a limit to how specific i thought my title should be . s 'go bucks indeed ! 
my brother also graduated with a degree in computer science . he 's now a firefighter and would n't be able to even write a simple for - loop to save his life . 	how did he pass difficult classes like algorithms and data structures without basic programming skills ? 
dear lord ! 400k for this skin ? where du guys get these ridiculous prices from ? the idiots corner of greed ? 	reply in english and il be able to understand what your saying . 
fatties resort to death threats and violence too quickly . i guess it is because those fat fucks have very bad impulse control . 	let them come . id love to have a fat pos attack me ao i can beat their fat ass to death with my bat 
updated my profile . thanks for letting me know . i also sent a request and is pending . 	invite sent , welcome to the crew ! do n't forget to flair up so others can find you easier . 
dog meat ban ? 	if it is food source for some people then it should not be banned . however we should draw a line somewhere , killing endangered species for meat , human meat should be banned at any cost . 
as long as it is not hindus , media wo n't pay attention to such food fascism . 	i know man . hindus have it so hard in this country . cant find a single hindu in a position of power anywhere in this country 
why ? for me liquor is more important than meat . i can give up meat for one day but not liquor . do n't tell me what i can compare and what i ca n't . 	hate the game . not the player 
comparison is not between meat or liquor but banning of two things . 	well then compare two comparable things . 
anything can be cooked but if salami needs to be cooked in order to consume then it is obviously not good quality . 	that 's where you 're mistaken . salami can be eaten raw or you can use it in dishes where you want to cook it . food is n't just about set recipes . 
it 's just a circlejerk , do n't sweat it too much . even g1 looks weird to me now , after years of movie and movie - inspired designs . 	yes my legitimate opinion of the convoluted movie designs is a circlejerk . feel however you want about them , just realize you 're not the majority , and a lot of us do n't feel the same way . 
are you also taking straight cash offers ? 	depends on your method , i would take btc , i have pay pal but it 's unverified so i mainly use btc for any of my purchases . 
if i lived in egypt i 'd have my ac guy on freaking speed dial . 	especially if he 's a cool guy who 'll invite you over to smoke a few hash joints . 
to read the google entry in wikipedia ? to read articles about google ? news about google ? 	to get to developer information as well . 
maybe if you have 2 ass cheeks , not just 1 . 	it 's the number 1 ass man , not a 1 ass cheek man 
i just did this myself recently . 600 paragon levels and not one ancient ik or bk weapon so i thought this would increase my chances . nope . rngesus hates me . 	harsh ! her barb has found 1 ancient bk sword and my barb has as well . i put them both on mine though so i still need 2 more ! 
my point is that if replays retires he would be the first cod champs winner to retire . 	youre literally reiterating what the first guy said for no reason though ? strikes me as odd its as if youre just his echo 
eh , lets agree to disagree . i know a lot of people that agree with you . maybe its just cuz i 'm burnt out of watching so much streams last year . ghosts snd was the shit though . 	i understand both sides , but its just my opinion .  and ghosts snd was shitty to watch , but to play it felt like just traditional snd , which is what i like 
5 caps is pretty good , it would be hard to lose with one person getting that many . i do n't think his kd matters if his team is winning . 	i agree , replays is good at what he does , but does n't get credit . 
geez man , its forward slash not back . 	that 's obviously what triggered the cat . 
for mobile users and it 's faster than going to youtube and likely seeing an ad first . it 's like a little preview and then you can come find the sauce in the comments . 	for me , video loads much faster on mobile than a huge gif . 
when is the second season coming out ? 	i hope soon , probably during the spring or this summer . i heard that the anime 's movie will come out this august . 
wow , this is amazing ! i have been wanting to get some kind of pm tattoo aswell , i think something to do with the boar gods . 	hell yeah ! hope you end up getting something ! 
again , thanks for the info . i felt a little dumb asking . 	no problem . if you have any other questions feel free to im me .   
it 's just a beta . they likely cut down the graphics for the beta to keep the download size lower . 	it 's not a little worse though . this looks like a last gen game . 
just running around slamming everyone as they try and shoot . the amount of headshots in getting with slams is unreal . 	do you know if those headshots count toward the gun you 've got equipped ? 
do you know if those headshots count toward the gun you 've got equipped ? 	i 've never actually checked thy . i 'll check the headshots i have with it tonight and again if i get another slam headshot and report back on that 
my sprint galaxy 5 updated last night edit : runs great so far . my only issues have been with volume controls . my alarm was n't audible this morning . 	my brightness dropped a lot as well . i went into settings and changed the brightness to max , and nothing . even turned on auto brightness , and nothing . 
unlimited data is nice , if i could ever use it . i barely get signal in my apartment . now when i do have signal it 's awesome , great speed and everything . 	why would you want to use data in your apartment , just curious . i do n't get great signal at my house , but i have wifi so it 's not a big deal . 
i also have a moto g . you should do a factory reset before jumping to conclusions 	why ? if that was part of the update instructions i 'd get it . but its not afaik . is it that unreasonable yo expect an update to work ? 
starting the day off with a game of russian roulette , 6 chambers , 5 rounds , 1 pull each .  i do n't care who dies , i wo n't live that day or he wo n't . that is what 's important . 	you are my hero of the day . uv . 
this thread is tacky . 	we need something tacky to hold up our papers . that tack wo n't do the job ! 
i had to point it out to my wife . 	i take it that your wife 's not very sharp ? 
thanks , and yes i think i changed the names , so i edited ot adding pictures of the drum . 	looks like a good set dude . 
congrats , you got the joke ! if only you could get that it was indeed a joke . 	yeah terrible joke . not even funny just dumb . loser . 
yeah terrible joke . not even funny just dumb . loser . 	you sound nice . 
yeah terrible joke . not even funny just dumb . loser . 	we should go golfing some time . i love golfing . such a lovely word , golfing . golfing . 
if you ever decide to build let us know . 	i doubt i 'll be building any time soon but i 'll definitely come here if i do . the only reason i did n't build was because i needed a portable laptop , not a desktop . 
not entirely sad all around . the guy was arrested , whereas i fully expected to read that he 'd been shot crashing the gate . 	that 's good to hear .   
yeah , he 's gonna be great for us . 	was my favorite recruit of the 2014 class . he 's like what you would get if a mad scientist crossed a great possession receiver with a ridiculous athlete . 
that 's a homerun replacement imo . tiger fans have been wanting him on staff for a while 	do you think this is an instance where the replacement will be on the same level as the leaving coach ? 
that 's a homerun replacement imo . tiger fans have been wanting him on staff for a while 	how good of a wr coach is he ? i understand he 's a very good coach and great recruiter that can lock nola up with frank , but does he have any experience coaching wr 's ? 
he lived in my apartment complex in baton rouge , i shot the shit often with him and his brother , he said he loved the raiders and living in california , glad to see he is going back 	yeah , he 's always been an nfl guy . 
lol , when we drove home afterwards the car next to me had a glock in the very back of the car . we drove home as fast as we possibly could 've . 	sounds about right for chinatown . sketchy area . 
he 's playing for an owner who thinks he does n't have to pay coaches much to win titles . not the way i 'd want to break into nfl football . 	i do n't disagree , but he 's an nfl guy and he 's a california guy . he likes lsu , but he was ready to get back in that game . 
how good of a wr coach is he ? i understand he 's a very good coach and great recruiter that can lock nola up with frank , but does he have any experience coaching wr 's ? 	we have literally no idea . la tech honestly picked him up for recruiting . other coaches are always talking up his potential , but he 's the rbs coach for tech , last i checked . 
every time i see a picture of spain i get a little closer to dropping everything and moving there . 	i have that dream too . problem is their unemployment is seriously out of control . 
i definitely recommend the iphone 6 . it does everything i need it to . 	any problems with it so far ?  i 'd be moving from android to apple , which is a big move i think . is it user friendly ? 
is icloud easy to use for transferring files ? i tend to move free music from my phone to my computer for bedroom djing . any tutorials o doing that ? 	it would just involve you importing the music into itunes , then syncing it with your iphone . 
how many canadians go to other countries and work at temporary foreign workers there ? 	plenty . mostly recent grads trying to pay down student loans as english teachers . 
i do n't think wearing other shoes will make any difference , i do n't have any legs below the knees . but apart from that , thanks for your advice ! 	try wearing different legs then ?  but seriously , when i run i like to mix it up with hill runs and sets of wind sprints . hill runs will especially kick your ass . 
not all on scholarships though . 	honestly , if you 're a walk - on at any program , you are n't going to see much playing time as it is . if you do see playing time and are good , then they will offer you a scholarship . 
the paperwork appeared to be in order . the boundary map showed the kids living within the boundaries .  the problem was that the league faked the boundaries .   	you 're not wrong . but would n't any sort of investigation worthy of the word turn that up ? or did little league , inc not want to disrupt the publicity flow they had going right then ? 
yeah i 'm from minnesota and i 've heard of parents renting apartments just so their kid can play hockey at a better school 	happens in omaha with football and basketball . does n't surprise me at all about hockey in mn 
not necessarily . i 'm sure some of the parents knew nothing about these boundaries . the coaches on the other hand knew exactly what they were doing . 	the parents knew . anyone familiar with little league knows that these are n't the team of teams that you commute to play on . there are travel teams for that . 
do n't get me wrong , she did some pretty cool stuff , and she seems to kick ass at sports in general , but really now ? nba all - star weekend appearance ? 	money talks . 
yeah i 'm from minnesota and i 've heard of parents renting apartments just so their kid can play hockey at a better school 	my former high school was accused of recruiting all the time for football , and i 'm sure we may have . we have certain alumni who make it look a lot better . 
football is going to be profitable for most schools though . those players are subsidizing scholarships for other sports 	it 's that goddamn title ix ! what 's the point of that anyway ? 
do n't get me wrong , she did some pretty cool stuff , and she seems to kick ass at sports in general , but really now ? nba all - star weekend appearance ? 	she 's a good basketball player and one of the coolest people alive so i really do n't mind it 
i forgot a full - ride scholarship to stanford was nothing . i paid my way through college , and am still paying it off . 	you did n't generate an obscene amount of profit for other people , of course they did n't pay you . 
to be honest i 'm 24 and i did n't know about boundaries until like 10 minutes ago . i thought as long as you were in the city it was ok 	you would know if you were the coach or parent . it 's very apparent . you have to provide proof of residence just as you have to provide proof of age . 
she 's twelve and can throw 75 miles an hour . you do n't think you 're selling her a little short ? 	i 'm saying that , to me , it does n't make her cool or a good person or a cool person 
are you fucking nuts ? it 's entertaining as fuck . so much more volatility than an mlb game . 	are you ? it 's uncoordinated 12 year olds playing baseball . there 's a reason mlb rosters are filled with good baseball players rather than special needs adults . 
i 'm saying that , to me , it does n't make her cool or a good person or a cool person 	not saying shes the coolest person alive but one of the coolest in sports right now ? maybe . 
it 's that goddamn title ix ! what 's the point of that anyway ? 	you 're suggesting we cut a bunch of sports that people want to play ? 
they get education paid for .  the system is not exactly fair .  but they get plenty of dimes . 	i 'm pretty sure that not every athlete gets a free education . 
then you 're treading into child labor laws and the ethics of kids playing a sport for fun into kids playing for work . crossing that line is what i meant by murky territory . 	then straight to college funds . i do n't think that 's murky at all . 
pretty damn disgusting for ncaa players to generate absurd amounts of revenue and not see a dime as well . 	they get education paid for .  the system is not exactly fair .  but they get plenty of dimes . 
i think you 're failing to understand the impact that davis can have on girls who are growing up interested in sports , no matter which one it is . 	i do n't disagree with you , but this statement seems crazy to me because she is a girl growing up . 
and every college student ca n't get good meals because they have to pay for college . 	and every college student does n't make millions for the school . do you believe college athletes should n't get paid ? 
okay , then do n't put it on television is my point . i 'm not for exploiting children . 	then do n't watch it . 
do n't get me wrong , she did some pretty cool stuff , and she seems to kick ass at sports in general , but really now ? nba all - star weekend appearance ? 	i think you 're failing to understand the impact that davis can have on girls who are growing up interested in sports , no matter which one it is . 
her dad and i get a long really well , he 's helped me out in the past , and currently , his health is failing . i was doing him a favor . 	he must be quite a guy for you to even consider driving someone like that around . 
so why were you driving your ex around ? 	i think she was his ex only after he kicked her out of the car . 
you 're right man . i totally ruined her life by smashing her snack cakes and doritos under my tires . 	you were very direct , argued , and kicked her out of your car . that 's not petty . 
i 'll probably still head over there on occasion to help him split wood until it warms up . 	you 're an awesome person . to have an ex like that , and still help her father because he 's a nice guy that needs a bit of help says a lot about your character . 
well bud you 're a way better person than i am . 	way better omg . my man . 
damn it i do n't have even the 4 bucks for gold in my account right now . you 're awesome man 	fuck yea ! to whomever did that for him ! 
as with most aspects of life , it 's all down to perspective 	and who 's quicker to post their story for karma 
her dad and i get a long really well , he 's helped me out in the past , and currently , his health is failing . i was doing him a favor . 	well bud you 're a way better person than i am . 
you know there are missing parts in your list , do n't you 	yeah thats all i have so far . going one piece at a time is agonizing but necessary for me at this point . 
a radical muslim wants to kill you .  a moderate muslim wants the radical muslim to kill you . 	i 'm a practicing muslim . i would never harm anyone . 
i 'm a practicing muslim . i would never harm anyone . 	the way this is written says you do want to kill people , fyi . 
this also describes a lot of the thinking on the right in this country . 	yepp , the religious right in the us is hard at work limiting what women can do , especially with their bodies . 
may i ask the country you live in ? 	america . in cali . 
what state ? did they lower his bail ? 	state of seattle . i called the jail and the computer said there is no bail now . 
on the sidebar .  they are rules for posting on the subreddit . 	oh ! right , i thought you were referencing something else . 
2 things 1 . this is for electro house not deep house 2 . that is not a fucking mixtape unless you recorded it to fucking tape . it 's a mix and nothing else . 	maybe i did record it onto a tape ? 
priorities will be defined by how free agency plays out . also a 7th round te is far from a surefire lock to even make the team let alone get playing time . 	that still does n't change the fact that te is n't a first round priority for the steelers . as i previously stated , db and lb would be a much better pick than te . 
i distinctly remember making you look rather silly , yes . 	you remind me of lucas from the film the wizard . you 're that level of douchebag . 
i do find it weird that the metro is much cheaper , it should be the other way round , though no idea how much the tracks cost to build . 	maybe you have to unlock it , similar to unlocking regions to buy 
idk . i feel like comparing simcity 2013 to anything is insulting to that game . 	i 'm a big , big , big city simulator fan . still have n't played it . 
the price of that train station made me reconsider my plan of using a london - esque approach to suburban commute . 	i do find it weird that the metro is much cheaper , it should be the other way round , though no idea how much the tracks cost to build . 
i have 8 gig , enough ?   	should be more than enough . that 's how much i have and i can still usually get good fps even playing games with rainmeter in the background . 
not necessarily a powerful cpu , but more ram will definitely help performance . 	i have 8 gig , enough ?   
lol , what ? please explain . 	it takes republican men to understand what women need - no input from women required .   
how old are they ? husky and black lab ? i have a 5 month old husky , hoping to find him a friend eventually . though , he does n't take that well to other dogs , so i 'm a bit skeptical . 	beau , the husky , is 10 months old and socks is two in april and is lab - pit mix 
upper level walls not working ? 	we ca n't seem to craft the upper metal wall and the regular metal wall does n't work on the second story .   
you have to admit thought that v . a . t . s can be pretty overpowered .  in fallout 4 they should make it more like bullet time . time slows instead of coming to a halt . 	this is exactly what i was thinking . i do n't even touch vats anymore . it just feels like cheating , really . bullet time would be awesome though . 
conservative party values could n't be further than those of the church . compassion , humility and caring dont fit with the right . they 'll stick values like authority and security . 	but they 're both really good at covering up child abuse . 
nice ! where 'd you get it ? 	red rocket tattoos in nyc . the artist is billy jordan . 
thanks ! i had one hell of an artist . he took my idea and made it into so much more than i ever expected . 	thats always such a great feeling . i am considering my first tattoo and am constantly worried that my artist wo n't deliver what i 'm looking for . i 've seen so many tattoo horror stories .   
nice work ! you must be stoked 	super stoked ! i could n't be happier with the work , my artist is amazing . the amount of detail in the raven and shield are awesome . i ca n't stop looking down at my arm ! 
damn that turned out nice ! 	thanks ! i love it . i think it 's one hell of a first tattoo . 
too bad the costs of everything are based on everyone else living beyond their means . 	which is why you should be living within your means . you make the choice . if you want help maybe we should n't of let them strip our social welfare 
why did you pick these guys ? what is your goal in just posting a lineup with no explanation ? 	to get some feedback . i do n't have time right now with work to post a full write up . i will later on today . 
yes i do . lol . the moment i wake up , i play it . it made me not play lol anymore . xd 	tell me ! i made it to gold 5 and immediatly stopped playing league cuz sw was getting more and more intense lol  
have you ever considered that you play this game way to much bro ? lol 	yes i do . lol . the moment i wake up , i play it . it made me not play lol anymore . xd 
tell me ! i made it to gold 5 and immediatly stopped playing league cuz sw was getting more and more intense lol  	i got plat . could 've been diamond . i 'm starting to play again and my friends are laughing at my rusty play . lol 
lots of 5 year olds browse youtube . thanks to google , youtube is not a porn website . that 's the point . 	and they browse with the age gate off ? 
especially if your 5 year old has a habit of browsing porn websites . 	lots of 5 year olds browse youtube . thanks to google , youtube is not a porn website . that 's the point . 
cut him some slack on the terrible person thing . he deserves the bully title , but that , in his mind , was just his style of coaching . a style that obviously did n't work , however . 	well a bully is usually a terrible person . you do n't take a timeout after your player with an injured elbow misses a free throw just so you can call him a fucking pussy . 
honestly , i think a lot of ku fans hate iowa state more than they hate k - state . 	i think that 's competitive respect for iowa state more than it 's hate , while we just do n't like k - state or respect them on the basketball court . 
youre benching melo for pg ?  come to think of it i 'll take your bench over your starting 5 !  give us a point guard though . 	we can start blake griffin at point . 
my top starting 5 :  pg - kobe  sg - durant  sf - melo  pf - ad  c - dwight 	kobe at point , 0_0 
i do n't think so man . in fact i strongly disagree . 	well , too bad . you 're wrong . pg is way better than melo at helping a team win games , which is the point of being a basketball player . 
ex - league player here , yes buy it , yes get into it 	i really do not look back to league now .  the only thing i still do is follow the esports scene , i really hope blizzard will not fuck this part up .   
only if you promise to forget everything you know about lol and focus objectives with your team . 	im 3 . 5k mmr and i can assure you that it is sometimes worthwhile to skip objective . 
yea ign and youtube comments are pretty bad , would just disable comments tbh . 	there 's a chrome extension i use that replaces youtube comments with any reddit threads linking to that video . 
most of ivy 's schtick is mind controlling pollen , would it really surprise you that she 's mind controlled people into having sex with her ? 	not really . but i never thought it would be catwoman . 
and in other news , water is wet and grass is green . 	my life is a lie ! 
santa claus . love it . paying forward is great stuff . 	i took your note to heart ! 
yes ma 'am . i guess certain mods get mad when you tell them something along the lines of all their posts being cringe worthy and to hop back on their meds that they 've come off of . 	glad they banned you . you run around with your new mod powers threatening ban all the time . you 're a hypocrite . 
got work in two hours , still have n't slept . fuck me . 	might do you worse by going to sleep now . 
that 's what i 'm thinking man . luckily it 's only a 6 hour shift . hopefully the er is n't busy . 	look into modafinil . i 'm one of the weird people that it does n't work on , but i hear for most people its amazing . 
lmao so he got you with rule 4 eh ? they just need more memes in the wiki , that 'll fix all of this 	yep . classic rule 4 lol . the wiki will look so fantastic and really make steroids look age appropriate when they add le may mays to it . rofl 
i left for like a week , came back and everyone has fucked off to private subs .  who 's dick do i gotta suck to get an invite ? 	i thought it was one sub ? i got in through virtue of my big dong . 
i got banned from there yesterday lol . that is what happens when a sub has poor moderation 	yup . big ups to whoever just deleted that shit post about bunk raws . stepped on him quick ! 
i thought it was one sub ? i got in through virtue of my big dong . 	i only know of one as well and i 'm not one of the cool crew yet .  i guess my dong is n't massive enough . 
that 's what i 'm thinking man . luckily it 's only a 6 hour shift . hopefully the er is n't busy . 	i wish you luck . may the caffeine god be with you . 
it may be a real disorder but it is not an excuse to be an asshole . 	found the person who chews with their mouth open . 
from watching these videos of him and his co - stars i get the feeling that the woman hates him severely . 	from reading your post i get the feeling that you do n't have much experience with the ladies . 
ok that one ok . maybe its a tense thing then ? keep em coming guys this is important 	suck is a verb , not an adjective . 
what did he say ? when you have big nostrils you can really suck and fuck ? 	suck like fuck . i think he 's saying she can probably give awesome head because she can get all the airflow that she needs through her nose . 
can you fuck like fuck ? 	we can also fucking fuck , like a fucking fucker . 
from watching these videos of him and his co - stars i get the feeling that the woman hates him severely . 	after watching this video i got the feeling that she wanted to bang him . 
it 's the same in polish and i believe other european languages . 	is it ? that 's pretty cool , i had no idea ! 
well i dont care about breasts . im more the legs , feet and ass type . 	she has really nice hair too . 
definitely the most expensive pair i 've seen yet 	make in offer if the price is too high . i 'm not forcing you to buy them so do n't complain . 
athletic shorts and a button up ? christ , his social skills arent the only thing out of wack . 	i think if you 're going to wear a hawaiian shirt , you can wear whatever pants you please 
i think if you 're going to wear a hawaiian shirt , you can wear whatever pants you please 	agreed . hawaiian shirts give you a free pass in the pants department . 
highly doubt anyone of mid - to - high media stature will want to put their name behind this story . not defending demott , but there are a number of claims and not much proof right now . 	it 's a good investigative piece for someone . there seems to be plenty of skeletons in the we closet 
to any : what event , big or small , are you most looking forward to this year ? if it 's something genre related , why do you recommend the rest of us go ? 	my birthday , because i get to take the day off and watch the lotr movies again .  nobody is invited . 
for all authors : can you write a one - sentence blurb for your contribution ?  thanks much ! 	when the writing stops , the end of the world begins , and it 's sammy cole 's job to keep the prisoner writing . 
i 'm glad to read that they are all brand new . you may want to add that to the book 's description . 	a great idea ! will do ! 
something about servant - golems and dead people . 	you can never have enough servant - golems ! i hope it goes well . 
am i the only person that thought iron man 3 was a great movie , enjoyed the twist on the mandarin and also enjoyed seeing the character of tony stark portrayed as vulnerable for once ? 	i did n't like it the first time i saw it , but warmed to it on the second watching for some reason . 
did you ask for it or sneak it out ? 	i guess i snuck it out , if you can call it sneaking when you 're carrying an eight - foot - tall cardboard captain america . 
that is just dumb . how would people eat and even sleep ? by the time avengers 1 plays at 5 am i would just be exhausted . 	they sell food . you do n't sleep for one night obviously . 
iron man 3 is the second highest grossing film of the mcu . i know reddit likes to shit on it but it 's very popular outside the internet . 	it 's my favorite iron man , followed closely by the first one . i get the hate for the movie , but it 's just so damn entertaining . 
why would you want to ? you would be to tired to appreciate any of the movies . 	you speak for the entire population ? when i was younger i could easily skip one night of sleep . 
i still think it 's crazy how many hours of live - action content marvel studios has put out in just under 10 years . 	still 3 more years to go for the 10 year mark too ! 
iron man 3 is the second highest grossing film of the mcu . i know reddit likes to shit on it but it 's very popular outside the internet . 	it 's not popular among people who marathon marvel movies though . 
and the marvel one - shots ! it 's like they do n't even care ! 	i still think it 's crazy how many hours of live - action content marvel studios has put out in just under 10 years . 
am i the only person that thought iron man 3 was a great movie , enjoyed the twist on the mandarin and also enjoyed seeing the character of tony stark portrayed as vulnerable for once ? 	dude that twist was awesome , and that wad my favorite iron man film as well 
no film crosses the billion mark in it 's first run just because of hype . not even the star wars prequels pulled that off . a movie needs a shit ton of positive word of mouth to get there . 	just like how transformers : age of extinction got a shit ton of positive word of mouth ! 
yes . where we can meet people without the social obligation of acting normal . 	its great ! 
what 's behind the white light ? 	the fabric of the universe . i have been shown the galaxies and they are beautiful . 
the nazis were christians so this genuinely makes sense . 	pretty sure there was propaganda that said you are either a nazi or christian . you cannot be both or something to that effect 
am i the only fucking human on earth who loves jar jar ? 	it depends on if you count george lucas as a human or as a grotesque effigy of a human made out of money and pure concentrated disappointment . 
i know i 've viewed an amazon listing for an overly large dildo due to clicking a link in reddit comments .  sounds like good material to harass him with though . 	an amazon link to a big black dildo is practically the new rick roll in some circles . 
i never actually considered that 1 : 0 ratio . that makes so much sense to do . lol 	it does n't really make sense to think of it in ratios like that . you have your population , and your number of breeding pairs . that 's all . 
naw the open area does n't really need to be transparent . i wish i was good at photoshop like this . how did you learn to do this ? 	lots of practice i guess . i would suggest gimp as a free photoshop alternative if you want to do things like this yourself . 
what do you mean by position vector ? 	the vector pointing from the center of kerbin to the launch site . 
well , we cant really say that after his instability before ti4 even if it was for a non game related reason 	valid point . 
it 's not that strange , era was always the most stable player on the team imo . 	well , we cant really say that after his instability before ti4 even if it was for a non game related reason 
they 're all dead ! 	every titan game ever . 
were n't they caught cheating ? 	there 's no proofs but people will always think that flusha is a cheater . 
nah , nexus can be ran under 7 minutes . id rather do that 	i saved bad juju for the nexus nightfalls . 
yes , i would not call this sga . 	the post is about the bad juju bounty . so with the weekly counting as 2 strikes , it cuts the time needed in half . thus , pretty solid advice . 
saving up glimmer and consumables all month between iron banner and that shit is still hella expensive . anyone saying glimmer is worthless must not play too much ib . 	nothing wrong with not playing ib though . it 's not everyone 's cup of tea . 
damn i 'm glad you do . 	hell , i 'm glad someone does . 
yea it 's stiff competition now . just gotta fight fire with fire 	unless there 's a new weapon for sale . i do n't plan on doing the next iron banner 
that 's not about burns - they were n't trying . otherwise they would have gotten a ton of assists . 	they spent most of their time dead because they did n't know what the hell they were doing and thought it would be a good idea to get close to minotaurs with void burn . 
engrams are pretty great ? nah not really , their pretty useless unless your new at destiny . 	or have alts that need class materials . i had to resort to upgrading blue and green armor so that i get more materials for my 2 alts 
or the nightfall since it 's rainbow burns and worth 3 . 	i was gonna suggest this especially when it 's a 3 burn week . 
you win some , you lose some . 	apparently all in a row too . 
does the other cat and the dog have flea too but are not as much hurting themselves ? or they do n't have flea ? 	they dont have them as bad . 
i like this idea ! i 'm confused about the other subs , though . are we donating to people from this sub or from the other subs you mentioned ? 	we are donating to people in this sub . other people from other subs are free to join as well but it will be for this activity only . 
my guess is that the green cards wo n't be sold by anyone because of the fixed prizes . from my understanding the cards will only be green until wednesday . 	hmm . well i 'll keep looking after 6 and see if i can nab one , i 'm on pc so maybe there will be less people looking for them and i may have a chance 
there would be a lot of fighting , sex , vomiting , and diarrhea . some people would swell up and die from allergies . 	you must be a dangerous person to be around when you 're drunk ! 
do you see any psychedelics being legalized in any country in the next 50 years ? 	i 'd like to people to start saying re - legalized . most psychedelics were n't illegal until the 1970s . 
i thought the rave dehydration was due to dancers not stopping to drink because they do n't get tired and thirsty ? 	that is what i mean - they do n't realize they are dehydrated and keep dancing . 
what ban was lifted , when , for which country ? 	there are several research projects going on in the usa , and in europe .   
mdma was legal in the us until may 31 , 1985 . 	i really do n't understand why they banned mdma , now we have people dying from things they believe are mdma but really are n't , its kind of rather stupid . 
marijuana is n't a psychedelic , and psilocybin was mentioned in the post 	how is marijuana not a psychedelic ? please define this word for me as i beg to differ . 
i 'm alcoholic and i would be very , very surprised if there was a drug i could take that would cure my alcoholism .  i would say it 's extremely unlikely . 	the creator of aa used lsd to cure his alcoholism and tried to push it to be used as a medicine in aa before he died . 
i am , thanks for asking . just got my first sponsor this week . feeling genuinely happy for the first time in probably 5 years . congrats on your two years . 	that 's wonderful . congrats . 
she 's always happy when i get new stuff . 	i thought it was the new box . 
on the internet , nobody knows you are actually a cat . 	unless you post a selfie while unboxing a game . 
get me in contact with your gf in indy , then . i 'm free tonight 	sorry man she is looking for more of a second relationship , not just a one night stand .  i did show her this thread though so if she changes her mind she will let you know 
ha ! cool . i got the 1 day for christmas and worked with ted . i would do anything to work there 	ted is great !  well we are looking for more photographers , instructors and shop workers . ; p 
how do i make quality better ? 	at first it was playing in standard def for me but once i got to leonard 's flashback , it was in i believe 720p .  i think yahoo 's player changes the quality automatically . 
no , having that many status bar icons is not normal 	makes me almost cry . 
no , having that many status bar icons is not normal 	power saver , emails , and lux . i really only have space for 3 app notifications lol all the others are system ones that are almost always there . 
power saver , emails , and lux . i really only have space for 3 app notifications lol all the others are system ones that are almost always there . 	you can disable the lux notification , i 've had it off forever and never had a problem with it being killed from memory . 
it only look about 40 minutes start to finish . it was n't bad at all : d 	oh great ! thanks . i just have to decide where i 'm going to put it . i 'm still deciding . of course also save up money to get it too xd 
how did the headline thing go btw ? 	it went alright c : 
i really like this , modding bethesda games is like a key feature of pc gaming . 	and one day bethesda will introduce us to a modern 64 bit engine and truly we , the master race , will transcend all others . 
playing lol on 4k can be easily done with 2 sli 970 's . in fact , i have a similar specs to your description and i can run lol at very high on 4k . 	playing the game at the resolution is one thing ; playing the game at the resolution with 60fps is quite another . 
if you plan on going sli , get a 1440p monitor . if you want to stay with the single card , stick with 1080p . 	i would say a single 970 is pretty decent for 1440p . i 'm currently running hat and most games run really well on max settings . 
it looks like a tick , ready to pop , lol . 	it 's filled with cap , thats why : p 
they 'll be entitled to it the following year . 	as in next calendar year ? i see . 
better get on it guys . they wo n't move the deadline again . 	i wish they 'd stop moving the deadline . i 've registered thrice now ! 
be nice and drop them an email ! 	i have , i thought a public post may get more attention . 
well okc lied to you because cool people do n't give a shit about their personality bars . 	so i 'm really not cool because i have not put a single picture nor sent a message to anyone . i 'm just doing the questions to see my personality bar : d 
holy shit , i forgot i was even subscribed to this sub reddit . kinda forgot about deep down altogether . 	yes , some people feel the same about whether capcom forgot about the game . 
wait , why did it take so long ?  that sink looks great , btw . 	money . priorities . you know how it goes . 
wait , why did it take so long ?  that sink looks great , btw . 	because life aint cheap friend ! jk , but that 'd be my guess . 
is the placement of that light fixture a choice you made for shaving , or is it a design trend i 've never seen before ? 	just design . not sure if a trend . but i 'm sure i 'm not the first one that choose a hanging light 
is the placement of that light fixture a choice you made for shaving , or is it a design trend i 've never seen before ? 	seems like a good spot so you can shave your neck without your chin casting a shadow . i 've been thinking about installing a side light for that reason , anyways . my lighting sucks . 
i like you . are you a women living in canada , can we go out ? 	nah m8 , neither , but i bet you can find a woman like that in canada if you truly want to , the world is not yet lost ! 
that 's really nice . really distinct from a lot of stuff you see on this subreddit . did you draw it first or how did you go about it ? 	thank you ! half of it 's taken from an old painting , i drew the other half . i mapped out the painting part to get the individual layers and then drew in the rest from that . 
is there any way to choose which skin you start with ? 	you have to make your own mission and select the skin you want the a - 10 to have . 
holy hell this hurt to read . 	i have big thumbs and a small touch screen keyboard . fuck smart phones . 
no , but he 's the leader so it is easy to blame him . it 's the same reason people hate the president when stuff does n't get done : he is the face to rage against . 	waiting for mother 3 in the us is like having blue balls for almost 10 years now . 
you should probably give m3 a go .  no crying till the end , though . 	i do n't know how . i heard something about a fan translation , but how accurate is that ? and is it just a rom file ? what kind if emulator would i need - super nintendo ? 
no , i want to support him through his addiction and out of the other side . i do n't think he can fix this on his own . 	how long have you known him ? 
would you prefer an english accent ? or as long as her personality is captured ? 	english would be more in - keeping with the character but i 'm open to hear other accents 
i worked at a neighboring store that had half a cold bar . you had to walk to hot bar to get basically half the drink . if i was in a situation where the bar was designed poorly , i 'd adapt . 	you 'd adapt for ease and speed , which is what we did . however for whatever reason my sm now cares . i do n't get it . 
i only have blanket scarf , which is really warm and i 'm already hot because the heat is on in my office on a 70 degree day . i guess i could always wear it and suffer . 	is it okay when you 're just sitting down ? does the back of the chair cover the back of your dress ? 
as a male subscriber to female fashion advice , i wholeheartedly agree . 	your gender is irrelevant . 
can you get your spouse to grab you a dress at home so you do n't have to run back and forth ? 	he 's at work right now too , so since one of us has to run home and i get out a little earlier , it 'll be me running to the apartment . 
so is it just a dance party or is it more ? 	i 've personally never been so i 'm not sure what to expect . just going with friends . it seems like dancing and drinking are involved . 
holy shit dude i totally saw you . looks nice 	oh yeah ? 
so is it just a dance party or is it more ? 	dance party and reason to get in costume for a night . not recommended going alone or wth just one friend . it 's better wth a gang of folks . 
not enough people selling tokens for the demand right now . took me 3 hours to purchase one token , kept getting a none available for purchase message . 	us east cost servers took me about 2 hours before i saw the buy confirmation , but the token was sold out from under me . i finally got 6 months on each account about 30 minutes ago . 
i heard you can buy at the login screen so a current sub is n't required . 	this is correct , i just bought at the character select screen . 
not enough people selling tokens for the demand right now . took me 3 hours to purchase one token , kept getting a none available for purchase message . 	how long ago was this ? i was able to buy 20 tokens around half an hour ago . 
i really like forsett but let 's not pretend he 'd have the same level of success behind the jags line . 	he 's had success for every team he 's played for ? the ravens are the first team to give him a chance 
400 or so yards of ads 2k season came against the packers as well . 	i think almost 500 of jamal lewis 's 2k came against the browns that year . 
i really like forsett but let 's not pretend he 'd have the same level of success behind the jags line . 	yeah , forsett is great but he would n't have made half of this list without our o - line . it 's a symbiotic relationship , the two complement each other well . 
basically he said that he does n't want to move his family around and he 's very grateful that we gave him the chance to be a starter which no other team has done . 	resign as in step down , quit . he should have written re - sign , as in sign another contract . 
dang i would like to read these . 	you should , best story line coming out from the new comic series so far , really great stuff ! 
we 're currently seeing all this happen in the newly released darth vader comics . my only issue would be the film needing to follow this story now . 	yeah i really hope they make a vader standalone . maybe even make the comic lead up to a movie or something 
we 're currently seeing all this happen in the newly released darth vader comics . my only issue would be the film needing to follow this story now . 	dang i would like to read these . 
and some more of obi - wan kenobi 's and yoda 's exile and their training from qui - gon as well . vader fucking shit up and claiming planets for the empire would be awesome ! 	the good , the bad , and the jedi . starring ewan mcgregor . 
massive global shift towards renewable energy , combined with advances in solar efficiency make the move to coal just insane . 	because japan is great at keeping up with technological advances in anything . 
if the us made any concessions to russia and china , i would expect them to be more substantial than just this . 	obviously this would not be the primary concession . 
no worries ! the clicker heroes will automatically collect gold for you while you are away ! 	in fact in some ways , it kinda does it faster . dunno why , but closing it for 30 minutes and coming back gets me more than if i wait on a farmable area for just as long with it open xd 
i almost feel bad about how stupid you are being . just walk away from this . 	cool dude , i do n't care about you 're fucking opinion . did n't ask for it either . 
of course there was no bite . they 'd have to play barca for that . 	suarez goal ! and its 2 - 1 ! 
who was driving ? jack slater ? that 's destruction of public property . 	a wall is less important than someone else 's life . that fucking idiot could have shot one of the cops or killed an innocent bystander . 
there 's always some furious little asian lady ready to curse you in a foreign language when you do n't play to their standards . i find it hilarious . 	oh yes . i know exactly which lady you are talking about . she leaves the table within 5 hands when she sees me sit down 
visit another planet , not even in my grand kids life will people live on any other planet . 	i never said it would be anytime soon . you never know , they could turn into astronauts so they 'd at least experience space 
it 's in your kombat record . 	got it , 3 hours and 45 minutes ! 
none at all . i have to stop myself from eating the whole lot in one go too . 	i have a great recipe for malt loaf - so good in fact that i never allow myself to make it . life is hard . 
that 's incredibly helpful all the same . i 'll look over whatever reports you post . thanks ! 	no problem , unfortunately i do n't have a whole lot of time to spend on it due to work and other engagements . 
persona q is a terrific game filled with a cast of deep , interesting characters . 	you 're just a little bit late there , friend . 
persona q is a terrific game filled with a cast of deep , interesting characters . 	fanfiction . net in video game form 
ayy . ok you win 	i lost before i could participate my life in a nutshell . 
i lost before i could participate my life in a nutshell . 	he did n't really win , i 'm just being a dingus . 
and why do you support this ? 	i dont support it but i dont cry about it like every other post on reddit . 
your straight best friend might seem like she 's flirting but trust me she will not return your feelings and all you can do is move on . 	your gay best friend who says said she would date you and be in love with you is likely to respond the same ! 
yea . pretty unpopular . not with me tho . i 've been down voted to all he 'll for my opinion on the matter . fuck it 	hey do n't feel bad , the hive mind that is reddit constantly downvotes my opinion on almost everything . i even expect it to happen now . i still ai n't giving a single fuck . 
hey do n't feel bad , the hive mind that is reddit constantly downvotes my opinion on almost everything . i even expect it to happen now . i still ai n't giving a single fuck . 	hahahaha . you get a single up vote for not giving a single fuck . keep on keepin on man 
i wish i had bought this game on the 3ds , i just cant get over the blocky visuals when playing on the tv . it looks fine on the gamepad , but i just like using my pro controller . 	maybe its just part of the game 's retro style ? i have n't played it on the wiiu , but on the 3ds at least i can attest shantae looks gorgeous . 
i wish i had bought this game on the 3ds , i just cant get over the blocky visuals when playing on the tv . it looks fine on the gamepad , but i just like using my pro controller . 	wii u version is gorgeous , guess you just are n't a fan of throw back art style . regardless the wii u version with it 's solid frame rate makes it well worth every penny over the 3ds . 
shit i am just getting into prop and costume making . would love to get up to making some awesome stuff like this  	cool ! : d good luck with your stuff . 
yes . try riding one in san francisco traffic , no matter what you do , your wrist ends up in an uncomfortable spot . 	you could loosen your grip slightly , change the position of your hand and maintain the same amount of throttle with less discomfort 
why did they leave it on ? 	it 's an electric bike . unless you check it 's easy to forget you left it on . 
it 's an electric bike . unless you check it 's easy to forget you left it on . 	do you know the model specifically to know that it 's electric ? because i had one that looked a lot like that and it was gas - powered . 
is n't it a better idea not to lift someone off the ground soon after an accident ?  let alone lifting them by an arm .   	she fell off a scooter . she was n't just in a highway car accident . 
is n't it a better idea not to lift someone off the ground soon after an accident ?  let alone lifting them by an arm .   	the girl was fine , i would be more angry that she could have run over that dog 
who is this dana you all keep referring to ? did i completely miss a character on this show ? 	there is a character on the show homeland called dana brody . she was the main character 's teenage daughter and was a serious detriment to the show in terms of writing quality . 
jesus was n't a snitch . 	judas ! 
you 're hired to be a writer for next season ! 	i promise each episode to be packed with fast twists and turns and 22 episodes per season , 2 seasons a year with 7 more years which will take us to 1989 . how about that ! 
and what was the purpose of that ? 	he planted the recording device in the drawer . my guess is that he 's trying to pull heat off martha by framing the computer guy . 
that would be dark , even for a suitcase packed body show . 	yeah , but you have to admit , it would be an interesting turn and a catalyst for some serious conflict . 
what 's kind of funny about all of this is that most of you are rooting for the commie spies . 	i 'm a communist anyway , makes it that much more fun 
seriously , either that or a soviet sympathizer .  these are the only options i can think of where we still have a show 	or philip at his most charming just explains : yes , our heritage is russian , we just do n't talk about it because of all the prejudice . paige is blowing it out of proportion . kids today . 
they are gonna hook up ! maybe not this season but in the near future they are gonna hook up 	yeah definitely , i thought it was going to happen right then as a matter of fact . 
stan 's trying to have his cake and eat it too . 	honestly , what else is cake good for if not for eating ? 
what 's kind of funny about all of this is that most of you are rooting for the commie spies . 	ai n't no party like a communist party . 
ahh yes . paige signing pastor tim 's death warrant . 	pastor tim is going to end up in a suitcase . 
maybe they 'll have to send paige off to some camp for screwed up kids . i really do n't want this show to turn into a big stink of teenage angst . 	ditto , i do n't want this to turn into the second season of homeland . 
he planted the recording device in the drawer . my guess is that he 's trying to pull heat off martha by framing the computer guy . 	which recording device in the drawer ? to spy on who ? sorry my memory is hazy . 
interesting thing i learned was two weeks from that day is when sdi , aka the star wars initiative , was announced . 	the speech was obviously the key manipulation to steer a few last key votes . 
that 's awfully sober and rational reasoning to expect from anyone whose entire life was just revealed to be a terrible , unfathomable lie . 	wonder what she 'll do when she realizes her religion is a terrible , unfathomable lie too . 
stan is off the hook ! proceed , and just figure it out yourself , stan , but do n't make us do jump through any hoops or red tape . 	well , stan 's a double agent now . 
gotta be it . also , why would n't the russians have bugged the phones in the jennings 'home , especially after the reveal to paige . 	they did . they were monitoring her phone call just a few episodes back . 
honestly , what else is cake good for if not for eating ? 	i really do n't know what cake is good for . i 'm a pie person . 
confession may be good for paige 's soul , but it 's going to bad news for pastor tim 's ass . 	hopefully . or we 'll learn that the soviet empire crumbled because a whiny girl found god down the line : p 
what 's kind of funny about all of this is that most of you are rooting for the commie spies . 	were not all muricans though . both sides used spies extensively , it was just part of the game . this show presents us their perspective so of course we 'll sympathize with them . 
i think that 's exactly what she 's doing . notice anton 's look when he 's telling her to refuse what the body wants ? think he 's wanting that body . 	and she kept looking at his lips and back again , not doing any more than that , to keep it subtle . 
it could be . have we had those types of flash backs in the show before ? that just jump back a day or two instead of a couple decades ? 	i do n't think so ? i 'd have to rewatch to check . first time for everything , though . 
well either paige dies or she turns . 	they 're not going to kill their own daughter , and paige is the interesting kid , so no one else is either . 
so you poisoned his dog ? 	no , i fed their wayward dog spice less chilli that made his poop smell like satan . 
all you colored people are fucking monkeys . white is the only pure race . 	so i am a blonde blue german that married a mexican and has mixed race children , thoughts ? or do hispanics count as white so the kids are not mixed ? i just want your approval . 
the context when playing it now is now . 	he does n't even seem to think that the game could have been good for its time , though . 
or maybe you can do whatever the fuck you please , cause it 's a single player game . 	i prefer to role play over min maxing , even if it makes the game harder xp if my rogue is a genius then he 's gonna have some extra points in intellect . 
graham does n't work for the grumps anymore , last i heard . 	huh . according to his linkedin he stopped doing a lot of stuff last fall . 
a business card is too thick , i use a sheet of cheap printer paper 	once this print finishes ill try with a normal sheet of paper . 
my showing had someone come out and tell us that before the movie started . pretty nice of them . 	did they also come out before iron man and tell you about samuel l jackson appearing ? 
heinlein also conceived the water bed , with the bed mike was using in the hospital . 	i saw that . interesting that the patent office refused to grant a water bed patent application citing the books description as prior art . 
man i hated that book . fuck that preachy martian brat 	i think it 's best to be read in between 16 - 20 . i still like it but i enjoyed it much more at 18 then i did at 32 . 
let me know if we 're still doing our trade or not 	i actually made a deal with someone earlier because i wanted to get rid of it quickly . sorry . 
that 's a great theory and all but um that 's literally the point of a shield .  that would be the only time he ever would use it , would be to protect . 	you seem to forget , shields were heavily used to bludgeon people too : d we will see steven just smashing faces one day !  shield bash for best gem power , steven op tank master class 
the end had me cracking up . totally felt like a deleted scene from trailer park boys . 	i was waiting for randy and ricky to smash into his car and knock the fish sticks everywhere . 
minimalist art like this always looks weird when you add eyes imo . other than that , they 're pretty cool . 	thanks i put eyes in as i thought it looked better but every one has a opinion . 
based on the last series , the ducks do n't seem to mind trailing too much : p still ca n't wait for this to get started . 	this will be the battle of the third period teams . 
how many times did you do it ? 	not sure . it was a few weeks ago . maybe 3 or 4 times . 
i would love this show so much more if the mc wasnt a fucking chibi all the time .  and had a conclusive ending 	read the manga , the ending there is much better than the anime . 
this is just stupid a nuclear weapon is not a self defense weapon . 	a significant percent of guns are used for things like hunting and sport , neither of which are self - defense . there are a lot of guns out there that are not really made for self defense . 
serious question , what other developed advanced countries offer instant birth citizenship to anyone born on their soil ? 	canada , costa rica . it 's a new world thing mainly . europe used to have more examples of it , but xenophobia ended that . 
southern white terrorism . now there 's a statement you never hear , but probably should more often . 	just read about the tulsa race riots . 
virtually none . it 's an outdated law that does n't work with today 's immigration system . 	that 's precisely why democrats do n't want to fix it . they know that it essentially gives them de facto amnesty . they expand the government and expand their voter rolls . win - win . 
is it just me or does chris christie look like some kind of human - balloon hybrid ? 	i would say that was mean , but the guy recently stopped using private jets payed for by special interests and instead just floats by himself for air travel now . 
but that says that it was at the request of the mexican government because they were losing all their skilled laborers not because the u . s had immigration issues . 	if the u . s . did n't have immigration issues do you really think they would care about a request from the mexican government ? we do n't need millions of unskilled laborers in this country 
there is no reason to allow this . if you want to permit this why have any requirements whatsoever to become a citizen or resident ? 	my point is , if they go away , who cares ? 
the us government does not recognize dual citizenship . 	huh ? the u . s . government does recognize dual citizenship in certain cases . one being the case of automatic citizenship for a different country . 
virtually none . it 's an outdated law that does n't work with today 's immigration system . 	well , except basically the entire western hemisphere . 
i see , i read it wrong . i was like that 's the first time i 've ever heard someone think cake is for kids . and if cake is only for kids , then i 'm definitely still a kid . 	understandable ! cake is the second greatest food following ice cream , which makes birthday parties amazing . and i 'm not ever ashamed to be the adult asking for sprinkles . 
the idf is oppressing people in yemen and morocco ? 	so we can love north korea for not oppressing people in yemen and morocco ? 
you sure you want to spend that much on a keyboard ?  are you sure what switches you want ? 	well i 've only had the experience of green but i 'm sure i 'd like blue . 
30 bucks that can go for a bigger ssd .  i would n't care about fancy ram if money was n't an issue 	that all depends , on what you intend you to do other than gaming , or , what you can do is get an extra 64gb hard drive and set it up as cache for your hard drive , speeds up your whole system . 
that all depends , on what you intend you to do other than gaming , or , what you can do is get an extra 64gb hard drive and set it up as cache for your hard drive , speeds up your whole system . 	or : instead of a 128gb ssd , go for a 256gb one : p 
i am pretty sure that yo want that graphics card for being red , but the windforce g1 is about the same price , and has a beast of a cooler 	no i want it because of the specs . the case has no window so color scheme does n't matter 
well its not like i 've had multiple keyboards to compare against so any keyboard really is an upgrade over my 360 controller . 	yup , i 'm sure you 'll enjoy any mechanical you get ! whichever one you prefer , i was merely giving my opinion as a user of both . they 're both still fantastic keyboards . 
should be fine , there are other 2tb drives on the market for cheap .  edit : who the hell would downvote op for asking a question ? 	the cache is 34 and the blue wd has 64 cache , what does that mean ? 
sorry for the late reply . i 'm okay with whatever you 'd want to do , but i think direct trades would be safer and faster . 	right . i 'm good with that . i just have n't done it before . i 've added your friend list number 
plant electricians did this i bet no self respecting person would ok this if it was a contractor . also i love how they gave up and just ran flex for one of them . 	you would be surprised at the amount of money most places do n't want to spend to make everything look good . more to do with that than the electrician . 
a contractor does n't get paid if they do work like this that is all i 'm saying . 	mostly only electricians know what this is supposed to look like . every warehouse or factory i have been in does n't give a shit unless it works . 
this is true . the movie felt like they needed more time and released it anyway . 	i feel that a lot of movies are way to rushed these days . like world war z . they definitely needed more time 
it was n't awkward , but you felt awkward ? : p yeah i avoid leaving whenever possible . 	yea , i 'm naturally a really awkward person lol 
hey that 's mine . i think our friendship is going to blossom .  favorite color ? 	blue ! it 's really pretty 
not at all , i just feel really awkward to leave lectures early . 	it was n't awkward , but you felt awkward ? : p yeah i avoid leaving whenever possible . 
to be fair , two of the incidents this year were not his fault . 	if your counting his crash with button then your only really half right .  button was at fault in the crash , but pastor should n't have even been there to tangle with him in the first place . 
texas leaving the us would be the best thing that could happen to this country . 	they export more than ca and ny combined and have the 14th largest economy in the world , so no . 
the high school kids are freaking out about it . i thought it ridiculous because it would be a feat to round up a bunch of gun toting independent texans and stuff them into trains to mexico . 	that is why you have to put a spin on it . you just call them freedom trains on a mission to protect the border , then they just keep on going when they reach it . 
i 've lived in nebraska for 5 years now . it is way worse then texas on that front . 	shit , you guys are right next door too ! 
texas gets to get put in its place if it attempts secession . 	i 'd watch it on pay - per - view . 
let 's hear from the texas trolls who pop up to try and remind us how many intelligent people there are down there .  too bad the intelligent ones do n't vote . 	there are intelligent people , unfortunately they take intelligence they have in one particular skill set and apply that to all aspects of their life . 
as someone who fled the south , thank you for staying to fight . 	you fled to the south to flee conservatism ? 
texas leaving the us would be the best thing that could happen to this country . 	dude i 'm a texan and i love america . i do n't want to live in the independent republic of texas . 
nah . he stopped 2 years ago . 	he 's on the preliminary team this year . 
best gaming series ever ? maybe the first one was pretty revolutionary , but once we got to the third captain phillips game , i was kinda done with the series . 	seriously ? how many ships do you have to lose for people to stop giving you more ships ? 
giving vince too much credit , he was forced to change the match after the fans turned on batista 	true , but the build to payoff ended up being perfect , from the summerslam cash in to mania . even if they intended to ruin it . 
turkey is not primarily arab , but is part of the middle east . 	no , it 's not . part of it is europe , part of it is asia . turks are n't arabs either . 
no , it 's not . part of it is europe , part of it is asia . turks are n't arabs either . 	not all of the middle east is arab . turkey , however , is very definitely in the middle east . 
turkey is n't middle eastern downvotes do n't change facts , folks . 	turkey is not primarily arab , but is part of the middle east . 
where the fuck does this budget comes from ? do you guys know how much of the spaceship 's set is real ? 	all of it . that 's the actual millennium falcon . he stole it from that scruffy looking guy and the walking carpet . did n't you watch the video ? we saw him flying it . 
it took me years to realize that song was not about dogs but was them asking why all the ugly girls were at the club . 	yeah , that 's not what it 's about . the dogs are the men . 
it took me years to realize that song was not about dogs but was them asking why all the ugly girls were at the club . 	the dogs are the guys that are hitting on the girls , actually . 
the humor was funny , but he did not spend enough time on each game . understandable given the number of games to review , but that does not change the fact that each game is rushed individually . 	totally agree . i wanted like at least 5 more min of content after waiting for months . i still have faith that jon will do something really cool soon . 
it took me years to realize that song was not about dogs but was them asking why all the ugly girls were at the club . 	i feel like a part of my life has finally come full circle . 
that 's already a strong feature , you need to be sure to fill up on consumables or your hp will plummet . 	in the current version most people already have a small base setup with stores of food for the winter . 
three legged stool . 	i can add a table to this set . 
cheaper probably . easier ? that depends greatly on the person and their life . 	well , if you have hundreds of dollars to spare , i guess it 's easier to buy lighter gear , but losing five measly pounds is a trivial change that can very reasonably be done in a month . 
d 's get degrees and if you drink beer instead of studying then you get d 's . qed beer gets degrees . 	true , but there are classes that just does n't click with some . 
this proves there really are stupid questions . 	there 's no such thing as a stupid question 
if it 's not a pre - req or a core class as determined by your program , you just need a d to pass . 	thanks for the reply . 
thanks for the tip ! have you got an example picture you 've taken ? i definitely think this should be added to the list !  there are some amazing wide aperture shots out there . 	i do n't have any examples of my own work but those big nose dog photos are a good example of a wide aperture . 
woah . i increased my limit as well . how can i make sure i dont have the same balance protector bs ? 	check your statements for the charge . 
13 episode season confirmed . cool 	it is interesting how they described it as a 13 - hour movie . 
dude , i posted the link to the stats to disagree with the above poster who said that the us dominated . as you can see in the stats , and as you said , it was a pretty even game ! 	fair enough . my bad . 
are you picking june 6th because the other pod 's happened on april 6th and may 6th ? 	yes . it seems logical to me that if the past two happened on the 6th , then the next one should as well . 
from the last thousand times this was posted , it 's a shadow of a sting ray shaped kite flown by the granddaughter of the man in the gif , as per the news story . 	source ? 
the ending to this chapter was completely adorable . the wild 's girls are all fantastic . 	it 's wonderful and funny . i like this . 
i just thought how she 's just a little naive about how the soccer bro was treating her . 	is n't he in college and shes still in high school . 
just do n't forget that a lot of people you 're inviting are probably couples and families , so you do n't need to order an invitation for every guest ! i almost made that mistake 	it 's funny i did n't even consider that i was thinking i would need 20 extra doh . 
yes its dead . i hope i do n't offend anyone but the main problem is that the game is as boring as it looks . 	why is it boring ? it looks really cool to me idk 
well i was n't really interested in that stuff , i just wanted a cool single player game which is what they promised . if i wanted those things i 'd play starcraft . 	from what i 've heard the single player is pretty good .  do we want to talk about marketing ? 
patriots ot win over denver in 2013 . only game i 've ever been to and it was amazing . 	i was there too ! coldest i 've ever been in my entire life 
2006 chargers vs . broncos week 15 . i do n't remember the score , but that just so happened to be the day lt broke the single season rushing td record . 	that was my game too ! what a great fucking day that was . 
was about to ask why you were on the floor , but the username kind of explains that i guess . 	yeah , it 's just easier . preferably , i like to be in my bed , but i had a very short window to get this shot . 
what 's really odd is how girls ca n't have no top on , but they can wear a vest that does n't really cover their bra at all and that 's cool . 	has always been one of my gripes with the cc . either both or none , but right now it 's totally wtf . 
i 'm just off to bed , but i 'll happily continue this discussion in eight hours . goodnight ! 	thanks . good night . 
would you rather eat 100 mosquitos or have 5 mosquitos eat you for an hour ? 	100 mosquitoes will die , i will take that option . 
how long does it take you to grow a beard ? 	about a week to grow a little stubble , ca n't really grow that long though 
meta as duck . anyway , when are exams over in australia ? 	they start next week in wa , i only have one though . dropped out of the university path because video games are more important 
i 'm agnostic , so i 'm not too sure . could be a nice surprise , could be nothing 	you deserve heaven man . there is no greater love than to lay down one 's life for one 's friends . 
i dont really main anyone . i enjoy some vlad , ahri and a little bard however . i 'm in silver v at the moment , i suck really bad . 	hey man you do n't suck , you could be bronze v ! i 'm a plat 2 adc but i love me some bard . he 's probably my favourite champ behind my boy lucian . 
what 's your favourite eminem song ?  how would you react if you had a daughter who fell in love with a young romantic mosquito .   	not afraid , by 12 year old self went nuts for that song insect repellent , grab the boys and teach that mother fucker a lesson 
have you ever had a mosquito land on you then you flex the muscle it 's on and the overflow of blood makes it explode ? 	no , i only heard about it about an hour ago ! will try next time 
he takes me to metal concerts , i buy him socks . fair exchange . 	it 's good to have thing worked out on a solid basis . 
wow i sure did not see that coming ! still putting high end cpu 's on motherboards with barely any power delivery is not a very good practice but hey , if it works its fine 	are you telling me 750 watts is n't enough for an r9 290x ? 
the airflow in this case is nonexistent , this was a temporary solution and the build will get a new case in a couple of days . 	i had a friend put a desk fan point blank to the side of his case to fix said problem . the only issue was that it blew twenty ton of dust everywhere that had built up . 
are you telling me 750 watts is n't enough for an r9 290x ? 	he 's talking about power delivery to the cpu from the motherboard , not about power supply and gpu 
are you telling me 750 watts is n't enough for an r9 290x ? 	i personally used a 290x on a 750 watt power supply . worked fine . the power supply is in another rig now , powering another 290x . still working like a champ . 
wow i sure did not see that coming ! still putting high end cpu 's on motherboards with barely any power delivery is not a very good practice but hey , if it works its fine 	yeah , i was kind of discouraged when i noticed the cpu only used a 4 - pin connector instead of the full 8 on a 200 watt psu . 
oh man that was my first case . such nostalgia . 	how did you get the windowed side ? i have a source 210 and really want that . 
hyperthreading increases power usage because you are using more of the processor . 	wut ?  you are n't using more though . they both use the same power at maximum load and same clock speed . 
foxtel is on fire again , instead of showing this match , they decided to show granada - atletico in hd . well fucking done . to be honest , i 'm not even surprised 	that should be a decent game , atletico and granada will both push for the win . 
i reload , but i 'm just starting out and do n't have any real knowledge on the process , does anyone have any super in depth resources ? 	for a good primer look up ammo smith on youtube . 
open carry here . i do n't even think about it anymore . it 's like brushing your teeth , just strap your gun on and go . 	what state do you live in ? i really only oc when i 'm on a hike , because there are still people who freak out when they see a firearm . plus , dat element of surprise . 
not to be the dickhead here but how is the computer running the program supposed to work when all reactors are off ? or are you just assuming there is battery backup ? 	i asked assuming there was auxiliary battery backup , which there is on the ship i 'm building . 
also what did you purchase that you had to return 100 dollars worth of stuff ? makeup or other related ? 	other stuff . birthday party stuff that i did n't use , some art supplies that i wo n't be using , and some random spices from walmart . 
i would normally agree with you but right now she needs as little stress in her life as possible . how do i make it through the next nine months ? 	you think she 's stressed now ? wait until you have a baby . things will get 100x more stressful . now is the time to fix this , not later . 
he was fouled by someone else to lose the ball initially , i think bazemore . watch some video . 	dude , you 're completely missing the point . bazemore and horford may have both fouled him on both of those plays , but its still reckless play to go into somebody 's knees . 
if that elbow connects fully it could be a career ender too . 	yes , that 's the point . he reacted with equal force to the force he felt was being applied to him .  stupid yes , but something most people would in the heat of the moment . 
i disagree with al , your team is your brothers , the other team is the enemy . and whether or not he thinks dellavedova went for him , you simply cannot wind up an elbow on a guy . 	you ca n't dive at guys knees either , that can be career ending , i 'm with horford , protect your neck , especially against a known cheap shot in delly 
i disagree with al , your team is your brothers , the other team is the enemy . and whether or not he thinks dellavedova went for him , you simply cannot wind up an elbow on a guy . 	well they are all part of the players union when it comes towards cba talks . 
delly 's a douche and you cavs fans would be calling for his head in comic sans and all caps if he was on any other team . 	crowder plays hard , does n't take people 's crap , talked out against my team , and i still like him and wish he was on my team . 
actually more like , it 's a brotherhood , stop diving into people 's knees and doing cheap shit to provoke them . 	i 'm here with ya . haters gonna hate , lebron fans never gonna know what it is to support a team . 
i could n't agree more . also , i love how you 're getting downvoted for a detailed , reasonable response expressing your opinion on the matter . 	thanks . but i sorta get and expected the downvotes . it 's a difference of philosophy based on culture . kinda hoped reddit would have a more open mind , but i guess not . 
it 's a brotherhood , gotta draw the line somewhere . somewhere like dropping an elbow on your brother 	everyone knows the only way to make a point is to beat it into the student with your elbow , 
it 's ok for other people to dive for the ball , but not delly . he was fouled on every one of the plays that you claim he was playing dirty . 	yeah , the other dudes are n't diving into people 's knees . he was fouled by horford but not korver . 
i disagree with al , your team is your brothers , the other team is the enemy . and whether or not he thinks dellavedova went for him , you simply cannot wind up an elbow on a guy . 	the full quote makes more sense . they just played it on inside the nba . 
you ca n't dive at guys knees either , that can be career ending , i 'm with horford , protect your neck , especially against a known cheap shot in delly 	except there was no cheap shot . your argument is banished to the sidelines with big al . 
if he 's involved in another incident by the end of the playoffs i do n't care what anyone says . 4 times is n't an accident .  i 'll be watching him during the finals . like a hawk . 	good to know , man . 
crowder plays hard , does n't take people 's crap , talked out against my team , and i still like him and wish he was on my team . 	crowder does n't try and take people out of the game by going for their legs . once is an accident , twice is a coincidence , but three times ? he 's a dirty fucking player . 
the korver play was n't intentional i 'm sure . it was reckless on delly 's part though . 	it was reckless on korver 's part to try and pick the ball up while running instead of diving for it . 
do n't yank me to the ground , cause me to trip over another player and maybe i wo n't fall into your legs . 	like i said , if it was a one time , or even two time thing i would , and did have his back . but after 3 ? put the koolaid down man 
have you ever played sports ? 	yes and for good coaches who did n't require me to kill myself to stay on the team . there 's such a thing as bad sportsmanship from a coach . 
ps4 . pick up fifa , nhl , madden , mlb : the show , wwe and gta5 . that 'll keep you occupied for a while . 	if he 's 50 he probably does n't care about fifa , wee , or the nhl . he most likely likes either the nba , nfl , or baseball . so for sports games , madden , 2k , and the show 
this is terrible advice . you want someone who is 50 years old and is new to gaming to start with the enthusiast machine ? 	its about the journey man . 
he 's just a 50 year old man looking for a little bit of casual gaming . while i agree that pcs are of course better , i do n't think it would be the best option for him . 	more casual options on pc as well . there is n't a single logical reason to pick a console over pc for any gamer . 
idk if you 'll see this , but the random transitions in the middle of the show are quite distracting . 	so you do n't like the switch to large screen when guests are talking ? 
wait it 's a competition ? aw shit . 	get on our ultra - functional level . though striker may have just ensured a victory as there 's no way in hell i 'll get 24 by the middle of this month . 
is the bar supposed to be keeping the rack from tipping over ? 	yeah . it usually does n't tip all the way , but it 'll rock back and forth way more than is comfortable . 
i 'm sure it 's fun and all , but the camera and water inverted controls are really killing it for me . 	nintendo games usually offer the option to change the controls , that 's a shame .  i 'll gladly take it off your hands ; d 
mario kart double dash is loads of fun with friends , or even by yourself . 	such a great game . i love having two characters on the kart at once . it 's a dynamic i 'd really like to see them add back into mario kart again . 
i have a box of them i keep just for role playing . i 've modded a few to match pcs and the players have loved it . 	thanks man , that 's awesome , got any pics ? 
that 's cool ! if it 's not honed , lemme know . 	roc honed it so it should be good to go . i gotta snag a strop when some funds are available then wait for a nice relaxing sunday morning hah . 
good now i can play your without feeling ashamed of my win to lose ratio . 	haha it 's all good . that 's one of the reasons i enjoy the game . but i just destroyed myself with that lava , do you might be winning this round ! 
i was so excited the first time i saw a ufo . then i found out it was cheaters . so disappointing . 	does it fly or does it just sit there ? 
you 're cherry picking the only parts of my argument that you have a hope of trying to disprove . it 's not working . 	i 'm not doing shit besides starting arguments on the internet . you think i actually give a shit when people die ? 
the point still stands that people who do illegal shit will be able to procure them , while law abiding people wo n't be able to . the bad guys win 	do you know a lot of well - off criminals ? the kind of people that use guns for violence usually dont have 30k lying around for purchasing a gun from the black market . 
do you know a lot of well - off criminals ? the kind of people that use guns for violence usually dont have 30k lying around for purchasing a gun from the black market . 	so you 're saying drug dealers and other criminals do n't have any money ? it 's not like any of them do it for the money right ? 
if you think that was weird , wait until you get on grindr . 	i do n't think i 'd have much luck on there due to my lack of male genitalia . 
it 's cool ; the first time i met my then - boyfriend 's mom was in just my underwear after i stayed over one night . 	that happened to me , but the person i was meeting for the first time was my friend 's girlfriend 's flatmate . my friend and his gf are totally cool with partial nudity , her flatmate was not . 
it was like i was in a disney movie . 	holy poop , agreed .  too bad disney movies do n't actually involve quantum mechanics . but could you imagine a disney bioshock ? 
this deck seems really cool . i love trying out new archetypes . i think i 'll play this on pro later . 	it 's a blast to use against your friends or anyone who does n't play meta ! : d 
pretty sure it 's just a joke at least i thought it was funny . 	maybe it 's our midwestern humor . 
got stuck due to some lag i will be taking one more group after this . we also got hung up on shrek is love shrek is life 	full ? 
you have to follow each couple a bit to see who is a love and who is a hate , if you tap them all you will never get th meter to move because they break about even . 	well do i want to hit the love or the hate ? also , what do i do with the leftover couples ? 
as long as they do n't add a bomb mini game this event will be ok . 	i 've already built my fence maze in anticipation 
well do i want to hit the love or the hate ? also , what do i do with the leftover couples ? 	getting all of the love or hate couples will make them disappear , so when you made your choice just tap one type and they will all go away when your done 
wow full betrayal all my friends are 420 friendly i could never imagine . 	tell me about it , it 's the most betrayed feeling ever , and the most bizarre part is that the university practically felt like he did a moral deed by snitching 
i have none of you tagged , cause i could careless . 	but you could n't be careful ? 
was this taken at that san francisco pier ? 	my takeaway from my visit to pier 39 was that sea lions stink to high heaven . 
you probably know this already , but i really do n't think those are in the fish family .  edit : christ people , twas but a bad joke 	the gainz are from eating fish . 
i have none of you tagged , cause i could careless . 	well , be more careful . 
you probably know this already , but i really do n't think those are in the fish family .  edit : christ people , twas but a bad joke 	nah but fish do got that protein ! 
was this taken at that san francisco pier ? 	no , that is a tiny floating dock .  my guess would be moss landing , i think i 've seen this same dude . wonder if he is lonely , he is way far south for his species . 
you know why fish are so thin ? because they eat fish . 	holy shit . paradigm shift . 
man , if i was the keeper i would be sooo mad 	dude got hung out to dry by his defense . 
comical goal but so many empty seats . 	stadium is pretty full . 
you should try 15 . they are n't super common , but i 've scored my fair share of scrappy goals similar to the one in the video 	i 've played many hours of 15 and do n't agree remotely . doubt i 'll be playing it again as well . 
how the actual fuck did this team win the league last season . so inconsistent against small teams when they have the quality to beat fucking bayern 	tore teams to pieces during the winter . people were saying they 'd run away with it , but it ended up close because they went though a period like they are going through now . 
you should try 15 . they are n't super common , but i 've scored my fair share of scrappy goals similar to the one in the video 	i disagree . fifa 15 is pretty bad . 
how the actual fuck did this team win the league last season . so inconsistent against small teams when they have the quality to beat fucking bayern 	because when you have more than 2 world class players in every position on the pitch you just blow teams away with sheer quality .  not to mention chelsea , liverpool and arsenal all bottled it . 
it 's becoming a tradition to concede theses every other week 	who 's the center half who messes up the initial clearance , then slips then plays them onside ? 
how the actual fuck did this team win the league last season . so inconsistent against small teams when they have the quality to beat fucking bayern 	yaya toure and bayern munich had 10 men for 70 minutes . 
who 's the center half who messes up the initial clearance , then slips then plays them onside ? 	demi could n't have gifted that goal to them any harder if he tried . 
through balls ,  through balls everywhere 	you have to really know how to defend wisely to prevent successful through ball spamming . and even then , the cheese is bound to work at least one time and that 's all it takes . 
okay , one single . that 's it though . 	if it 's any indicator of the sound for the new album , that shit 's gonna rip . 
not gonna lie i met friends on tinder ! 	so i went to the meet up in my city and i guess there 's not many groups ! it made me so sad . maybe the app is n't big here yet ! 
that wreck photo is amazing . very nice visibility . 	thanks ! it was great visibility for sure . during some surface intervals , we watched sharks cruise around underwater which was really neat . 
it all looked good until i saw the lion fish . seriously , though , did you have an external flash or were you using the built - in ? 	one sea dragon external flash and one sea dragon 2000 lumen video light . 
i joined a couple of months after the yarn exchange . you can imagine that did n't make me too happy . 	it looks like there 's a yarn exchange every year so maybe there 'll be one this year too ! 
and if they did , they could just play a different deck . 	because modern decks are cheap enough to build on a whim for the average magic player . 
what fixed blade is that and is the sheath custom or easily purchased ? 	the whole thing is custom commissioned it and designed it with mount knives ! 
oh man , guess i 've missed a lot then . 	you 're alive ! 
kill the giant king , he gives a ton of souls .  great for farming because he 's pretty easy and close to the bonfire whenever i need souls that 's what i do . 	sorry i did n't say it in the post , i 'm making an agape ring build and i ca n't raise my soul memory any higher . i lost some souls to dieing so i do n't have enough to upgrade weapons . 
each manufacturer add their own bells and whistles . evga is considered the highest quality but you ca n't really go wrong .  get the msi man you wo n't regret it . 	got a msi 7950 , great buy perfect card , only if i had a cpu that could unlock its full might . 
based on how that stuff felt on my legs , i would not attempt using it on my pubic hair . 	that shit burns d : i hate it too . 
oh alright , i 'm building a rig with a liquid cooler as well so i can oc my cpu as well ! did you use any guide to oc the gpu ? 	you can find a lot online or just try out a bit yourself , the programs are just so easy it could be done by a 3 year old 
just about everybody . look at raw . i saw atleast 5 faces working body parts . 	name one so i can go back and watch . 
he 's only been wrestling since like 2010 , i 'd say he 's pretty damn good in the ring given that . 	he still do n't know how to work body parts . which is wrestling 101 . 
blazing saddles is the most fun ,  but tombstone is my huckleberry . 	tombstone is a good choice but i put it 2 - 3rd 
tombstone . any last it 's my favorite . 	excellent choice , top 2 - 3 in my opinion . 
high plains drifter . 	damn that is a good one , top 5 easy ! 
what 's sad is from that last picture i think she 'd be really pretty if she lost all the weight , too bad 	warning for finding something in a fatty attractive . 
fellow nc resident . shame they could n't get one of the smarter folks in raleigh . e 	this guy is actually very well spoken . 
you selling the driving animation ? 	haha , i do n't have bc , but if you 're willing to make real currency exchange throw me an offer ! 
only reason thats not him is because riot has already stated that this champ and the next few are not gonna have knock ups . case closed 	far from the only thing , the bard part is pretty much just a copy of sona , i doubt they 'll have another music - playing support with such a similar kit 
really ? i feel as though it needs a warmer tone , and maybe half a shade darker . the neck looks very different , so it would be a weird look if he was shirtless . 	yeah its not really practical for an everyday look but to me it just looks like there 's a bright ass light on him 
your experience is not everyone 's experience . 	neither is yours , though . i acknowledge that a lot of girls , maybe even most , do feel the pressure , but not everyone does . 
that 's so cool ! can i buy this ? 	it 's not real , just a good photoshop job : p 
her nose looks pretty worked on , though . i mean , it could be natural , but it is rather long and thin for a nose . 	contouring , yo . i 've seen a youtube video of this girl putting on makeup - the transformation is crazy . 
is that bad ? i mean , i now your flair says you are an asshole , but are you actually an asshole ? 	well he now looks like a woman , who is trying to look like a man .  take from that what you will . bad is relative . some women might like this look , others will not . 
i love it all except for his eyebrows and hair line . i do n't know if it 's the picture quality but it kinda makes him look plastic . 	yup , plastic and totally not like him . i ca n't believe this is the same person , it creeps me out . 
damn , i really wanted it to be real .  as a girl who loves watching sports and makeup , i desperately want a shades of eyeshadow called football ! and no crying in baseball to be in my life . 	drawing blanks now but i 'm pretty sure there are some indie brands with sports - related shadow collections . 
the mac counter by at my local mall is entirely staffed by guys with serious skills . they 're like a beautiful gang . 	mine too ! all african - american men ! 
it 's hypocritical to argue that everyone else should adhere to standards you are unwilling to stick to yourself . 	eh , the bigger issue here is that people are fighting against the argument trying to liberate them . i 'm more critical of people doing that than doing what they 're forced into . 
yeah because that 's where his skin gets lighter normally . i love that he put makeup in his hairline 	i 'm not referring to how he 's highlighted his face . he 's made his whole face look lighter then his natural skin tone , that 's what i 'm referring to 
am i the only one here that noticed it 's a different guy ? 	i thought it kinda looked like a different person but it may just be the drastic change in eyebrows . 
actually idk about the guy but the girl achieved that look entirely through makeup and i think contacts . it 's pretty amazing imo . 	her nose looks pretty worked on , though . i mean , it could be natural , but it is rather long and thin for a nose . 
i thought he looked like a sim . 	i was thinking second life . 
i 'm in america and feel absolutely no pressure to wear makeup . speak for yourself . 	your experience is not everyone 's experience . 
the doctors are still doing a job and deserve to get paid . 	doctors that take donor organs are still getting paid as well . i mean the fact that these implants have a high enough shelf life that they can be bought and sold for profit 
just go , order a pint , sip slowly , and if she has n't shown up in 30 mins , leave . 	or have a pint and wait for all of this to blow over . 
yeah , i have a few bottles of avon leather that remind me a lot of my grandfather . very cool , glad to hear that i can use them ! 	just smell them before you put them on . if they smell rancid then do n't use it . if it smells good to go well then so are you . 
now there 's a department store bike i would ride . that 's sick . 	yup - there are a few upgrades i can do to it , but off the shelf i love the styling . 
very well done , i almost think a brief quiet laughter from bill at the very end would of just topped it off 	i spent waaay too long trying to hear the quiet bill laugh that you mentioned . i am not a smart man . 
presumably because harry is only supposed to have one toe ring . it would attract suspicion to have more than one . 	but who would check that ? obviously he should have put it on after the teachers tried to find whether he hid hermione 's body . 
sure , just move components you do n't want active from the left window to the right . 	not seeing the ability to do that . there 's a division to the right but i ca n't do anything . i ca n't drag , and right click gives me uninstall and about as the only option  
are n't you a photogenic little baby ! 	i had to use the shelter photos because it 's hard to get her to stay still without coming up to me for pets . : 3 she 's so sweet and adorable i feel like my heart will explode ! 
why everyone forgets storm spirit ? he is crazy good with the global chakra , imagine a storm with a free cheese every x seconds 	i tried storm a few times , he 's really strong but he gets wrecked by global silence . if your team loses even just one fight early on as a result it 's really hard to snowball 
teammates freaking over picks alone is what killed my enthusiasm for the event .  everyone in my games had about 5 times the asshole - ish behavior of a normal game . hats are crack i guess . 	the sets are n't even that good . i 've gotten 2 sets i already had , and the rest i did n't want . 
teammates freaking over picks alone is what killed my enthusiasm for the event .  everyone in my games had about 5 times the asshole - ish behavior of a normal game . hats are crack i guess . 	they can play at most like 4 times a day , so naturally they freaked out if they chance to win seems to lowered even a tiny bit . 
i 'm surprised legion commander did n't become more popular for this game mode . 	the only thing people do with lc in pubs is afk jungle , and that will just lose you this mode . 
zeus looks like he 's taking a massive shit 	on the other team , yeah . 
what about against a zeus ? high chance that would happen in a year beast battle . 	zeus really is n't that scary . you have the heal , your pretty tanky , and legions nuke is very strong against a squishy hero like zeus . 
aa is great against all those sustain teams like omni and dazzle . however i feel that in matches where you have level 3 speed in play then other heroes provide better opportunities . 	sadly i have n't played a game with lvl 3 speed , yet people pick the same stuff over and over again . 
dude mid legion is legit . very strong mid hero and its the easiest place i 've found to snowball from . 	what about against a zeus ? high chance that would happen in a year beast battle . 
that 's really stupid cause if people have any sense of self awareness they would send messages to the people with similar attractiveness . 	people do n't have self awareness , that 's the problem . or they do but do n't care . i know i 'm not very attractive but i 'm still going to message people way out of my league . 
yes you would cause all you have to do is message guys and there you go . 	right , guys who are pissed that the women they 're messaging do n't reply , and feel indignant that average looking women think they might get a date ? 
but women would n't get 1000 messages a day and there 'd be less of a leakage of women from information overload . it solves that aspect though 	message spam may be annoying but it is n't stopping interested women from responding to you . 
i feel like an amateur ! : p do you have school or a job or anything ? i do n't think i could fit 10 games in even if i tried 	i left college at the begining of the year . i spend most of everyday looking for jobs and stuff but half the time i do n't know how i do it xd 
it looks like yours has a tiny bit more purple than mine on the pics if you compare . 	yeah im aware , but like i said it , its probably on the lower end of the true spectrum . 
i live in orlando and i 'm about to start to go looking for him . 	i took this picture in 2011 , so i doubt he would still be there . it just felt like the perfect time to post it , considering what 's on the front page right now . 
remember dodge hates them and probably would n't loan them a truck . remember hammond had to rent the challenger a few seasons back . 	in the show he said he bought it . 
it 's definitely his best strength feat .  edit : i see you downvoting , whoever you are . 	i think holding the infinity book is probably stronger no ? 
maybe his archangel hand to hand with that krogan ? depends on whether you want prep guns durability or hand to hand feat . 	a turian going hand to hand with an old - not to mention biotic - krogan is a pretty damn good feat . krogan only get stronger as they age . 
well since gohan has like zero real feats that show what he can actually do he should be fine . 	yeah since dbz is n't feat based it is n't really impacted . 
nah , i do n't talk to them much anyway . i just went to college with them 	oh , okay . sorry to hear that . 
if he is sending so many guys and they are all in the box , throw a quick wide receiver screen and burn him every time 	it was man coverage so i figured that it would n't work though . 
where 'd you buy it from 	bought off ali a while back but the listing has since been deleted . 
haha thanks . yeah i should be able to help with that , where are you staying ? how are you getting around in gulf shores , are you driving in ? 	we are staying at the phoenix west 4 and were flying from detroit to nola then renting a car to drive to the shores . reason why i can take bud . your a life saver man . 
i 've had it once and i thought it was gross . other people i know rave about the drinks , but i do n't know anyone that 's a huge fan of their food . 	drinks are the best part . drinks are half - price 2 - 4 pm and shakes are half price after 8 pm .  food is a bit above mcdonalds . definitely nothing special . 
one delicious fucking limb at a time . 	bright side : you can cultivate your own cheese in the folds of your knees . 
that is not something that even crossed my mind . way to think outside the box a little bit . 	lol thinking that route a little more now that his body is kind of rotting maybe they 'll get some kind of zombie powers to fight the vampire . man i 'm on a roll today . 
batman eternal is 22 bucks on ist . i can tell ya now , no one will buy it for 22 or higher dollars when they can get it brand new . 	oof i did n't realize . i got it with a buy one get one at my lcs , so it ended up costing me around 20 bucks or so . i was just going by the price on the cover . thanks for pointing that out ! 
i will shave my head if you do too . i have long hair aswell . 	ive become rather attached to my prince - like mane . 
we have two long haired guys at my school . one of them wears it loose , the other guy does the hipster bun . 	getting a guy 's sweaty long hair on me is one of the grossest things . i just watch in horror as it comes at me . tie it up bros . 
the pony tail is a great set up for a baseball bat choke . oss 	this is n't as awful as it could be , i 've choked one person with my hair before . 
someone else have already mentioned swimming cap , but a water polo hat is also smart . even comes with ear protection ! 	water polo cap over the swimming cap is the answer i finally found . swim cap controls hair , water polo retains swim cap . remove the plastic ear protectors from the water polo cap . 
i agree , it 's a great idea , but the dude 's the type i 'd rather not bother with anyway . it 's pretty easy to find some alt artwork with google anyway so i 'm good i guess . 	true that , would definitely cut out the middle man and would be more tailored to your interests . 
post office but i love his poetry most of all . love is a dog from hell , or burning in water drowning in flames . 	nice , i like ham on rye most but prefer his poetry as well 
so the dead guy was eating hot dogs when he died ? i do n't get it . 	no . we thought we were smelling hotdogs . not a dead body . 
no . we thought we were smelling hotdogs . not a dead body . 	so your neighbor had a corpse in his apartment ? for weeks ? 
oh cool , both of my maps made the list . 	what maps are yours , if you do n't mind me asking . 
oh my lord that is an enormous mouse pad . 	in the fps world , it 's actually a pretty normal sized pad . large pads with low sensitivity are very common . 
nothing like a poorly shaped beret to let people know you 're so high ranking , you just do n't have to give a fuck anymore . 	if you noticed how many stars are on my uniform , you 've been looking for too long , and will now be slapped by your co . 
nice , is this already in the game or beta feature ? 	it 's on dev branch only . 
i 'm assuming the crab king would be asking for more money , no ? i do n't think we 'd make wr a fa priority , though i 'd honestly rather we avoided drafting any knowing our track record 	well the wr position is pretty deep this year . i feel like you could get a good possession receiver like rashad greene in the 3rd - 5th rounds and turn him into a solid pro . 
i think they 're solid with lafell , edelman , amendola , and their tight ends . would stevie be worth the roster spot ? 	the only guy in the league who can reliably burn revis ? yes . very much so . 
i think they 're solid with lafell , edelman , amendola , and their tight ends . would stevie be worth the roster spot ? 	if he 's cheap i do n't see why not . but that 's about the only reason i can think of . 
i still ca n't believe he fell off like he did after his solid showing in stl 	he actually was pretty decent here . supposedly he was kind of a weird guy though and did n't mesh with the team . 
are using it as a knife or a art piece ? it 's just character as a knife do n't worry about it . 	man you 're right . i guess cause i just got it i kind of worried about it haha . 
and a nintendo shot too , cause imgur on mobile is hard . 	what game is that for the nes ? 
nope . it 's a scam and it always has been . the american dream exists to motivate the middle and lower classes into doing the work for the upper class . 	it is possible . work hard in high school , stay motivated , get into ivy league , build connections , success . that 's the route most people take i 'd say . 
coontown should really start posting more evidence of this . i believe it to be true too . the main point of a zionist culture is to enslave the population with debt and inflation . 	we do . i just did the other day . feel free to post anything speaking of the nigger and kike relationship . 
absolutely fascinating . note the timeframe , about 20 years . the niggers have had what ? 10 , 000 years ? 	i 'm pretty sure the standard nigger stopped evolving like 200 , 000 years ago . humans showed up later and promptly got the fuck out of africa . 
great show , not exactly accurate on the list though 	this list was theirs from the stage . are you saying they played others too ? i was n't there personally . 
36 legs . senior xl everything else 	i have a set of 36 inch bauer vapor xxx . used less than 10 times and have sat a while . i can take some pics this sunday and post them if you think you 'd like . 
insects are animals . 	yes you 're right . i guess i meant mammals are n't the same as insects . 
culture changes . societal norms change . everything changes , i think i read that somewhere . 	maybe someone can find a source ? 
do you mean someone to draw your team ? 	yes , i 'm looking for an art piece 
the corps work really well without the need for ebay item entities or game breaking resources . i do have to say the construct power the green lanterns get is amazing . 	does blue get a lot of prob ? 
bread with ice cream . dead serious . in fact , it 's not even considered weird where i live . 	i made some homemade rolls and the kids asked for them stuffed with ice cream . i was amazed at how good it was . 
because the mic that came with the x1 does n't fit my head and the geniuses at microsoft did n't make it adjustable . 	mine is very definitely adjustable . 
well his bangs cover his fore head a lot anyway . i think this character development would lead him to being safe from lucille though . 	good point , maybe that 's why they never have him cut his hair hahaha . 
i 'm a little worried that carol might be holding on to sam 's hand 	it would be out of character for both carol and rick . after the talking dead preview i can totally see carol stepping up to a raging pete and getting her throat slit . 
i like that idea , it would be dramatic and people would freak out . but i do n't know that they would do it because then they would have to give him a scar for the rest of the series . 	well his bangs cover his fore head a lot anyway . i think this character development would lead him to being safe from lucille though . 
there is a key stock problems for a while , so its kinda hard to get that much pure i guess . but if u trade it for items , h much value would u look for ? 	i know atleast one who has enough keys to buy this . 
could you explain what the problem with the key stock is ? 	key sellers got banned 1 - 2 weeks ago u know while they controlling the key market their stock also gone with ban . so yeah , there is not much keys around 
would n't this have negative side effects for things like gps or wifi and bluetooth scanning ? as in , disable them ? 	have n't noticed any . i 'm part of the test group for euphoria and everyone has done the same without issue . 
i 've been running benzo lately and it 's literally had everything i want out of a rom . i 'd give it a try . 	flashed this last night after reading your recommendation . best rom i have ever had the pleasure to use ! 
would you care providing us with a review , once youve played the game for a bit ? 	if i can ever get in . it complains about my login info . i sent an email to support about it . wonder if i 'll ever hear anything back . 
stay close and dodge , shoot when he is about to swing with his right arm . you can critical hit his face , should take less than 10 hits . 	this . it makes me realize i need to live more by the gun . i have a blunder - is that going to do it or do i need a different setup ? 
for some reason larger transactions take a week for the funds to be available to the recipient , i think it 's because i am drawing it straight from my bank account . 	everybody wants that cash float : p 
yep . 126 in april . 	in that case i 'll wish hitler a happy birthday now just in case i forget next month . 
i feel sorry for the poor sod they 've used in the thumbnail . i bet he did nazi that coming . 	i will slap you . you should feel bad . 
you would think , by now , at the age of 126 he would have changed his facial hair . 	he 's like 850 in moon years - everyone knows he lives on the dark side of the moon . 
i 'm assuming that you 're only partially done with this reply ? 	yep , i usually edit things a lot after posting them because i usually post things without reading over them . 
do you know if this is final , or if it 's just testing or temporary ? i literally know nothing about this , i must not have seen it from under my rock ! 	only thing i read is that they plan to increase number of events running simultaneously eventually . but i do n't think that random sim battles are ever coming back . 
why do you think that is the case ? i have more free - time but i 'm not sure i want to start from scratch again . any particular reasons ? 	if your necro has been around since launch , you should have a birthday present that 'll boost another character instantly to level 20 . 
i 'm sorry , does your starter evolve into a giant turtle with cannons on it 's shell ? no ? then i think i win . : d 	i 'm sorry , can your cannon turtle take a giga drain to the face ? i did n't think so ! 
sorry , this is my first post . i do n't know how to do that . 	just post it gain , with a less specific title , something that does n't suggest that tywin is dead or oberyn had anything to with it . 
just post it gain , with a less specific title , something that does n't suggest that tywin is dead or oberyn had anything to with it . 	ok , thanks .  fyi someone just posted the same video as i did . 
how do you get pets ? 	the pet was polled and declined .  edit : at least the chocolate bunny pet was , i 'm hearing of a chocolate chicken , but i think it is a glitch .   
working on revising this for everyone ! sorry was in a rush to post it 	haha , you 're good ! it works just fine as long as you can figure out how to get there . 
could you present this in a more readable format ? the actual raw data table google outputs is easier to read than these cramped screenshots . 	working on revising this for everyone ! sorry was in a rush to post it 
could you at least post the results so that you can read the actual question at least ? 	working on revising this for everyone ! sorry was in a rush to post it 
did they plug it into the shit ? 	there was no shit ! it was a metaphor ! like someone not giving a fuck for example . 
but my toon is brown ! 	toon color equality ! 
but westbrook wanted to get those stats up . gotta take the good with the bad edit : did n't mean to sound bad - fan knee - jerky 	with mere seconds left in the game down three , russell is not thinking about stats when he took that shot . he was thinking about the win . 
what a game . grats mavs . playoff series against you would be fire . 	it 's a pipe dream . 
seriously damn good on ball defense . parsons is getting an insane clutch gene too . knew right away to attack kanter . damn good game . 	godamn parsons was so quiet , then kept the mavs in contention in the 4th with those westbrook like drives to basket . 
he is impressively bad . legitimately one of the worst defensive players i 've ever seen . 	this is not an understatement . i might say he 's worse than david lee and he is god awful . 
westbrook 10 - 32 from the field and 2 - 11 from 3 yet the mavs still only won by 4 . unreal game offensively , but our defense makes me want to throw up . 	it 's the thunder . since the asg they 've been going all out offense and ignoring defense . 
i do n't understand why westbrook took 10 3 pointers when kanter and morrow were so hot 	you and me both man . 
no , it 's just fuck the rockets . has nothing to do with the schedule .  have you even been on this subreddit this season ? 	oh , okay . i thought your original argument was fuck the rockets because of the schedule thing .  and yes , lol . harden is hitler .  see ? 
dude , we know this . we 're looking at the big picture , the entire season series against you guys . 	yes you are complaining about scheduling but fail to recognize our second best player never played against y 'all this season .  you do n't see us complaining about that . 
they match - up extremely well , it sucks seeing the thunder without kd but they still are as exciting to watch . 	our matchups with you guys are always pretty crazy too . fuckin '4 out of the 7 games last playoffs went to ot . 
kanter is so god awful at defense . 	oh god , i 'm impressed by his offence , but i do n't think he can spell defence . 
yup , she looks amazing too . sad you ca n't see her face much . i want 1 piece bathing suits to be back in style . so hot ! 	you nailed it sir . it is so damn sexy . she has the body , subtle sweetness look and purity feel to pull it off well too . so hot !   
i am more of a 3 , 1 , 2 guy . 3 is by far the hottest one i can see . 	wait wait wait . how does this work ? i thought it was 312 meant first girl is third hottest , not third girl is first hottest . 
pc . when i try windowed mode the game runs too fast 	it 's probably a file issue . mine run smoothly , cos just has to be in windows mode or you ca n't alt - tab out of it 
i have several tree eggs that i would trade for a sky egg ! 	sure thing ! my town or yours ? 
thanks , man ! gate 's open ! 	thanks again for the egg , fruit , and bells ! much appreciated ! 
let 's go caps ! hope to see sens make it and knock out boston , pitt , or the wings . 	i can finally root for them and i 'd love to see them destroy the pens . 
that story about halak and the blues turned out to be bullshit . oates was off the deep end by then . 	so hard to discern between oates throwing players under the bus and actual stories . truth probably lies somewhere in between . 
so you are calling play - off lock for a team who 's season starts in 5 months ?  either way go caps 	i feel awkward explaining this but he 's talking about the hershey bears , bro . not chicago . 
in that case , i hope they miss the playoffs 	we get first overall , new year they get first overall .  we miss the playoffs , next year they miss the playoffs .  sounds good to me . 
i trust you have insider information on this as always . 	the article says it 's for equipment not cash . 
if history has taught us anything , we can conclude that every penny of that money will reach the effort to combat isis 	did you read the article ? they are sending military equipment , not cash . 
whereas exponentially increasing debt should be fine . 	i do n't think you understand why debt , depending on the situation , is n't a bad thing . 
no . there are alpha females with no husband controlling other females with no husband . 	and how much do groups of women with no husband matter to society ? no one cares about basic bitches . 
and how much do groups of women with no husband matter to society ? no one cares about basic bitches . 	except right now they are one of the most powerful groups in america , canada , uk and elsewhere - so apparently lots of people care . 
i am a christian . not everyone is an atheist . not everyone can spell either . 	finally , someone who understands science . tell these atheist fags that jesus was a real man that get real holes in his hands and died for original sin .  jesus just makes sense 
finally , someone who understands science . tell these atheist fags that jesus was a real man that get real holes in his hands and died for original sin .  jesus just makes sense 	i assume you are also assuming he is forgiving you for calling them fags ? you have a lot of reading to do my friend . 
cheesing and exploits is ruining the game for me . people like you are ruining the game for me . stop . actually use teamwork , you will enjoy it more . 	other people 's play styles ruin the game for you ? please tell us how that works . 
since when are shorts and a t - shirt pajamas ? 	when they 're both grey and worn with warm socks , it sure as hell looks like you 're just wearing your inside clothes . 
cheesing and exploits is ruining the game for me . people like you are ruining the game for me . stop . actually use teamwork , you will enjoy it more . 	stop opening threads with the word cheese in the title and you 'll be a happier person . 
in this day and age , you gotta be unique to stand out . i understand it 's weird , but like you said , you 've never seen it before ! 	seriously awesome intro man ! i 'm still amazed by it ! nice work ! 
i 'm having trouble getting from the generator thingy up to the pipes . seems there 's an invisible wall there somewhere . 	there 's an invisible wall there for sure , you need to get a running start and double jump as high as possible . when you get the maximum jump height you can clear the wall . 
has riot ever thought of increasing bans to 10 so that each player gets a ban ? it would allow everyone to ban that one champion they hate laning against . 	the main reason they left it at 6 bans is because every new ban requires people to own 2 more champion before playing ranked . 
ban supports and assassins ? welcome to s2 na .  edit : or s1 , but do n't let it spoil the fun ! 	time to bring out jayce support . 
syndra is support ! that what i tell all my adcs bot lane : d 	heimerdinger and ashe are support too ! who needs cs when the enemy is too busy crying because they ca n't move 2 inches past their tower ? 
ban supports and assassins ? welcome to s2 na .  edit : or s1 , but do n't let it spoil the fun ! 	oh man , the good old season 2 , when an adc was literally the strongest existing role . singlehandedly being able to 1v5 penta , ace , and push to win . 
thats the point . op wants a game mode that denies the meta . 	most champions have 2 roles they can play in the meta . 
i tried it once , little too strong for my taste . mind you we were mixing it with pineapple juice so theres that . 	it 's fantastic with ginger beer . 
it 's fantastic with ginger beer . 	i do n't drink much anymore but i 'll definitely keep that in mind . 
might be an interesting career change . you 'd still be taking shots , but these taste better . 	after living in the barracks , it would n't be that much of a change . 
spiced rum . 	i 'm assuming you 've tried sailor jerry 's ? that 's some good stuff . 
i 'm assuming you 've tried sailor jerry 's ? that 's some good stuff . 	yes it is . try the kraken its good too . surprisingly smooth given the name . 
there is also tsm 's atrocious dragon control . they usually lose most early dragons 	no they do n't . they give up most early dragons . there 's a huge difference between the two . 
hopefully it 's better than total war rome 2 . 	i 'm not sure if it could be worse . 
they are placeholder names from steam . they can be literally anything , from full games to tiny dlc of even trailers etc . the guy who sets them likes to troll . 	not any more , he 's recently changed positions . it 's a gal now , i think . 
since this is the third release of the game , an option to skip the prologue would be awesome . most people have already played through it on another platform . 	even so , playing it on pc would be the first time of properly playing it ! 
are others having problems connecting psn and social club ?  edit : finally got the accounts linked . took me over an hour . just keep trying 	did you check your psn id online to see if the trophy registered ? how long did it take to show up ? i had a friend run thru the intro for me but the trophy isnt unlocked on the psn website for me 
the disks are not bound to accounts , so i am able to log into other peoples accounts and play the game for them . 	ooooh i understand now you do this for those who do n't have a console right ? ok haha i understand now , so i can do it for myself that is great 
did you check your psn id online to see if the trophy registered ? how long did it take to show up ? i had a friend run thru the intro for me but the trophy isnt unlocked on the psn website for me 	i dont know yet . he hasnt played with my account . check social club . under missions it should show if the prologue is completed . 
create a lot of headlines and not remotely reflect the actual results ? 	the result was hardly a ringing endorsement of the union was it ? and i like the union . 
the result was hardly a ringing endorsement of the union was it ? and i like the union . 	inversely it was not a ringing endorsement of independence either , it was damn close to a draw . 
i know a member of crosby 's senior team and i know their strategy . 	bash poor people , young people , disabled people and foreigners ? 
its when you think of it as something trending , ie . a buzz word or phrase . when in reality , it 's just a label . 	a label that helps you find associated things , they are pretty efficient and whatnot . 
fuck the mail . how can they even pretend shit like this is news ? 	well , some people do prefer the daily mail to an actual newspaper .  they 're paying to be told what they should be outraged about . 
if anyone needs the context to this - the owner of the mail is a non - dom , and labour are proposing to do away with non - doms .  yet another reason to hate the mail , as if we needed more . 	would you mind explaining the advantages non - doms get ? wikipedia was n't all that clear . 
if anyone needs the context to this - the owner of the mail is a non - dom , and labour are proposing to do away with non - doms .  yet another reason to hate the mail , as if we needed more . 	i really want to see this happen , i also hope they do n't find some sort of new loophole to betray the country by not paying tax . 
like exercise , masturbation is generally beneficial to a person 's physical and mental well being , so i see both activities as contributing to a person 's up - keep . 	i agree , it can be . and in other cases it can become an obsession and can mess up your life , or it can become a replacement for a healthy sexual relationship . 
so long as we agree that well - being should n't be an end - in - itself , at the expense of the greater good . 	yes i agree . and i think masturbation would almost never be a sin based on this understanding because it almost never comes at any expense to anyone . 
i would have to look , but you ca n't even deny that at least in america all mainstream christianity see 's having multiple wives as a living in sin . 	that 's because this law is from the jewish law which no longer applies whereas the ideal of one wife is from the qualifications for church leaders in the new testament , which does still apply . 
how has cotton been this year ? he was on our summer squad and i think we signed him to a 10 - day , but then never picked him up . 	hes just been getting time in the last few weeks .  and hes been pretty damn solid , more efficient than trey burke as a backup pg . 
hard to beat jr 's imo . that was disgusting , especially so cuz it was at msg . 	jr 's and this one gotta be the top two . 
ronnie price flashback there ! booker 's reaction is fantastic . 	booker 's is great , but i love alec 's .  he saw that coming all the way ! 
holy fuck he gets so high on that first contest dunk . that dude is not human . 	the way he hangs in the second one blew me away . then i saw the third one and just about fell out of my chair . 
either the sandlot or field of dreams because james earl jones and they both hit my nostalgia bone . 	gotta agree for the same reason , smalls ! 
for the love of the game . the best chick - flick that happens to be about baseball . that sucker has got me laid so many times . 	it really is the best date movie ever made . 
for the love of the game . the best chick - flick that happens to be about baseball . that sucker has got me laid so many times . 	love this movie . i 'm always rock hard at the end whether it 's rooting for the perfect game or watching it trying to get laid . 
was shopping at abercrombie in paris , when some guy comes up to me and asks where the shorts are . and abercrombie only hires models to work in their stores . so i felt pretty great 	that 's a nice boost to the old self esteem . i love unintentional compliments like that . 
how does a surgeon even know where to start ? 	probably amputation at this point . 
is your friend a big guy ? i think i saw him with it around davis . 	he 's a big guy i guess ? not huge or fat or anything . he works as the door guy at saloon . 
you certainly have some artistic talent , but please do n't post this on the site . it kinda crosses the line as far as what 's appropriate for the forums .   - your friendly gb moderator . 	alright that 's no problem . i 've never found an appropriate place to put fan art on the forums anyway , so i did n't plan on it . 
alright that 's no problem . i 've never found an appropriate place to put fan art on the forums anyway , so i did n't plan on it . 	you should link dan it though . i 'm sure he 'll love it 
i did n't realize how weird looking chris g 's mouth is until now . 	the tooth to gum ratio is all messed up for him . 
i did n't realize how weird looking chris g 's mouth is until now . 	yea his teeth are busted . 
i think she 's incredibly beatable . let 's not run her off . save some ammo folks . 	in the end i think her being a woman will be her biggest accomplishment , and just like racism was the concern in the last two elections , we 'll see sexism being the word on everybody 's lips . 
not to rain on your parade , but liberals do n't like her . only neo - conservatives in the democratic party like her . 	the super liberals are hoping for sanders or warren . but they will vote for her . even after watching sanders get eaten by the clinton political machine , they will support her . 
well as it turns out , the mandate to buy private insurance originated in right - wing circles . 	i keep hearing that , and yet the awful idea never even made it to a house committee when the republicans controlled congress in the 1990s . hmmm 
sweet , thanks ! ill have to play around with this later . 	can you post an update for us when you do ? 
i ca n't seem to save it as it open in a preview mode using the link .  edit : it 's working now . 	any idea what happened ? you 're the second person to mention that .  edit : now it did it for me too . it looks like it loads that way if you are n't logged into your google account . 
i was doing a lot of double tap and just dropping the whole mag but this one failed to even cycle the slide . i had to rack the slide 	ok ! this makes sense and also makes me feel a lot better . the thought of putting a round into a barrel that has a bullet jammed in it always freaked me out , but this makes a lot of sense . 
is it legal to be that naked in public places ? why did she even dress like that ? 	yes it 's legal to be naked under your clothes 
i bet it was that missile he threw to first when he tried to throw out young at first . come on son ! 	2 minutes well worth it . still a good chance the game gets out of hand tonight . fuck the orioles . 
so basically she had a fight with her parents and took off for a couple days . 	so basically you have no idea what happened to her and no reason to reach that conclusion . 
how do we know this ? the parents story is that she did n't left any note but is this true ? 	no , she did n't leave a note . i was saying that if someone 's going to leave their home , even for a few days , that it would be the best idea to leave a note . 
no , but a reasonably responsible one will at least let one person know that they 're dropping out of sight for a bit , you know , so you do n't trigger a shitshow . 	yeah but i 'm sure she told the parents to go away and however they abused public resources to get what they wanted 
increase drop rates ? 	it would be nice to have only currency rate increased . so you can craft everything you want as much as you want without worry about trading . 
do you want to turn off the whole trackpad ? or the buttons on the trackpad ? 	i want to be able to turn off the fact that the buttons also function as the trackpad . i want them to just be buttons and not move the cursor . 
how did you manage that ? i ca n't wait for this album . i wish he had a drake feature since he 's always chilling w him 	i work with someone who 's tight with him . the song he does with rick ross is good , i 'm stoked for this album . 
i bought the same model in february . it came with 1 . 5 . however i was able to update to 1 . 9 using their tool with no problem . 	that is exactly how i updated . after the reboot , it did act a little bit funny and scared me but i 've not had problems since . 
as someone who is waiting for their parts to come in , and using an msi board , thanks for the tip ! 	more than likely you 'll end up with the latest bios anyways , so you 'll probably have no reason to even touch it . 
more than likely you 'll end up with the latest bios anyways , so you 'll probably have no reason to even touch it . 	depends ; i bought the z97 gaming 5 at the end of january . it still had version 1 . 4 on it , even though 1 . 9 was available . so , 5 updates had already been released . 
alright well if you 're down to do rosalina for gm i wil . i do n't need sonic or bowser . i 'm oob collector so box does n't matter 	what do you say ? if not i could do rosalina and sonic for gm and fox 
trade complete ! just received sonic and rosalina ! arrived in a box that was packaged nicely . honest and truthful trader ! 	trade complete ! received my gold mario and fox ! thanks ! 
do you have pictures of your gold mario and fox ? ill do the trade if you send first . 	i do . i can post the picture in a few hours . can you post some as well ? 
i heard you can find him in salt mines . is that true ? 	yes . he is the lead miner . 
it is . the nords are actually hiding booze under those sheets . 	nords . how can they drink so much without falling over . 
democracy is n't intended to supply us with a vote to stop a certain party getting in . it 's meant to allow us to vote for whom we want to govern the country .  the system is fucked . 	i do n't disagree . but it 's what we 've got , and we voted down change . so people should at least be working the system . 
my parent 's and grandparents get incredibly uptight and defensive and very aggressive when voting comes round because i do n't vote to their preference . 	first world problems , man . 
i 've noticed this year i 've fully grown up and have actually been paying attention to this year 's election campaign . that said they all sound awful . i guess you just pick the least worst ? 	or you do n't vote .  edit - yep , cheers down vote brigade . not voting is an option , we are n't living in a banana republic . 
or you do n't vote .  edit - yep , cheers down vote brigade . not voting is an option , we are n't living in a banana republic . 	a spoilt ballot is a vote against , staying at home is a vote for anyone . 
my parent 's and grandparents get incredibly uptight and defensive and very aggressive when voting comes round because i do n't vote to their preference . 	do n't tell them who you vote for then . it 's a secret ballot for a reason .   
a spoiled ballot is just that , it means nothing in official terms . unless you can point me to an official record of ballots recorded as protest spoils vs spoiled in error ? 	do they even count the spoiled ones ? 
that 's an insult to that box of bricks . 	not really , her friend looks like a brick and has all the charm and tact of a brick . 
this country is fucking doomed . 	i feel like that at every election , but somehow it does n't seem to matter who gets into government , my day - to - day life just carries on . 
i 've noticed this year i 've fully grown up and have actually been paying attention to this year 's election campaign . that said they all sound awful . i guess you just pick the least worst ? 	tactically vote the least evil . 
i did this a while back and go equal parts of all 5 major parties . all five have deal breakers , i 'm choosing to spoil my ballot . 	are there any independent candidates in your constituency ? 
or you do n't vote .  edit - yep , cheers down vote brigade . not voting is an option , we are n't living in a banana republic . 	not voting is n't a vote against , it 's saying you do n't care . you might as well spoil your ballot to make sure you 're counted 
bristol west .  edit : hello person downloading all my comments ! having fun are we ? 	i ca n't speak for the other parties , but the lib dems in bristol west do n't exactly fill me with confidence . 
maybe you should stop going to elder orgies then ? 	no . butt holes are nice and loose 
most tv 's , especially ones in the budget range , usually end up making poor monitors , just an fyi . 	this .  tv sets have terrible resolution when compared with a real computer monitor . 
can we get some more pictures of your shop ? i never really thought about how trains are worked on . 	i 'll keep posting stuff every now and then but i do n't exactly want to advertise where i am so specific in photos . 
what happens with the trains after they hit some one ? 	they wash off the front of the train and run it some more .   
can you do that with a real helicopter ? 	no . the g forces would kill the pilot and tear the copter apart . 
again , i really do pity you . it must suck being such a jaded piece of garbage . 	whatever you say dork . go play with your toy cars . 
there was a story where a guy flew one of these into his own head . it ended much more gruesome than you might expect . 	oh my . is there propellers that are human contact safe ? soft plastic or has some protective outer thing 
so i know there are stunt pilots who fly planes and do cool air shows , is it possible to do anything like this in a real helicopter ? 	i 'm no expert , but even if a helicopter was capable of doing those maneuvers , i do n't think a pilot 's body would be able to handle those forces 
could someone explain to me how he is able to stop the helicopter at : 40 while it is upside down ? would n't the helicopter be inclined to go into the ground ? 	the collective can go negative . it can push both up and down . this is known as 3d flight . 
yes but boiling water and steam will react with the materials . 	not to make it sink . not unless you reach its melting point which is highly unlikely to occur at least no in the hour or so it would take to extract it . 
packing and drinking wine . it 's gettin 'wild in here ! 	mmm wine . mine is chilling for tomorrow . 
i kind of want a ride , but have nowhere to be . 	if you are still up at 2am , i 'll pick you up and we can go find a good spot to take a skyline picture so we can get that sweet sweet karma . 
uber tonight , message me if you need a ride !  i 'm thinking of getting a dashcam and get some great footage of driving through rva . 	do they still do that first ride free thing ? and if so can i just get you to drive around in circles in my neighborhood until the limit ? 
we are coming up empty and trying to avoid heading back to with south side . suggestions ? 	nothing fancy . the simple pleasures are the best . 
when we moved into this house we did n't get cable , so we 've been relying on hulu , netflix , and crunchy roll . i have watched some pretty embarrassing shows out of pure boredom . 	netflix is working for me tonight , and my embarrassing show of chose is drop dead diva . no shame in my game . 
i feel like i can never find anything good to watch on netflix . 	i 've been re - watching friends on netflix . please do n't judge me . 
uber tonight , message me if you need a ride !  i 'm thinking of getting a dashcam and get some great footage of driving through rva . 	could you uber me with a bike ? 
oh . my . god . this shit is dope as hell ! idk why but it makes me want to listen to some reel big fish . thanks for introducing me to a new and great band buddy ! 	funny thing is , they 're actually playing select dates with reel big fish and less than jake this summer . funny how the world works . 
fly around my pretty little miss . 	also a very catchy song , i agree 
i can understand it . if they are n't very good at writing or the sorry is n't very good they save themselves some time 	but i feel like we ca n't fully judge the story unless we read the whole thing ! it 's just such a tease ! 
i wonder if he had a vague script to go on or if he just came up with it all there and then . that chap is fast . 	this guy seems to be quite talented judging from this video . 
tim lincecum is saving my ass . go fuckin figure lol 	same haha . i streamed him out of pure desperation for a qs , and he earned it plus handed me era and whip , which i had counted as lost 
have sale , arrieta , teheran , and salazar and they all had a terrible week . i lost this week basically because of them . 	tim lincecum is saving my ass . go fuckin figure lol 
this is actually just at the foothills , to my left are the plains ! 	yeah , i grew up in colorado springs and go back at least once a year . i really miss that sharp contrast between the west side of i - 25 and the east side . 
 since blues can only invade other invading red 's they are usualy more adept in the pvp 's and thus you will have a harder time killing them 	yeah they were much harder to kill , much more of a challenge 
so what your saying is if you lose a fight as a red , you really should take some time out to improve your skills 	no . as a red , you invade between 0 - 3 tiers up . i 've lost many fights as a red to people who were clearly pvpers . 
you have to be in the blue sentinel covenant or they wo n't work 	yeah i was . is there a certain place you have to use it ? does it have to be in an area that is outlined in orange in the travel menu ? 
damn , that 's awesome . thanks . is there a running leaderboard on this sub or a way to check in the game ? 	there used to be a stickied post that served as the best time leaderboard . the person who made the post got lazy and stopped updating though , so they removed it 
you can find a script to run in game that will get you out of the bad sport lobbies . 	you have my full attention . 
they wo n't bother with the mystery . they 'll just decapitate you and hang you from a bridge . 	i assume they wo n't hang you by the neck . kinda hard to pull that off after decapitation . 
you 're swell . 	i like to make waves . 
my issue is what bull shit task i 'll have to do after being baited in with this glorious one . 	an asphalt roof is not so unlike a plastic film , when you think about it . 
not really , brick weed is pretty shitty 	thank you , i changed my post .  edit : thanks for correcting me , do n't know shit about weed . 
hello fellow former candy factory worker ! eating candy off the line was always nice but i got tired of it pretty quick . 	i was only there for a few weeks , but i see where you 're getting at . i usually dont eat candy , so i barely took something , but fresh from the production is really delicious 
oddly satisfaction overload .  now if only i could do it all in slow motion i 'd be set 	i get the feeling no one is familiar with the law of diminishing returns .  you would spoil odd satisfaction for the rest of your life . 
not really , brick weed is pretty shitty 	nah man you just have to smoke a fuck ton to get a buzz . 
dry , cheap and shit . 	not really , brick weed is pretty shitty 
only if you film it at 60 and play it back at a lower frame rate . if you play it back at the same speed you recorded it you 'll have no such issues . 	would n't it go slower if you filmed at a higher fps than the one you play it back with ? 
nah you wont notice a difference between 30 and 60 because it 's common knowledge that our eyes 30 fps only see real is it 	no dude . the human eye only sees at 24 fps duh 
i did four years of university and majored in film peeling . 	sound like the right qualifications to work at starbucks ! 
as a graduate of itt tech . i 'm not even qualified for this . 	as someone going through the programming degree program at cc , i feel your pain . 
nah you wont notice a difference between 30 and 60 because it 's common knowledge that our eyes 30 fps only see real is it 	console pleb alert ! 
hello fellow former candy factory worker ! eating candy off the line was always nice but i got tired of it pretty quick . 	what kind of candy was it ? oh lord . if i worked at like , a sour patch kid factory ? i think my tongue might die . my tongue would die . 
pretty sure you should be a little more concerned about the wood trim in the shower . retard .  do n't worry op , you can assess those details when you buy your first house one day . 	are n't boats made of wood ? and bridges ? 
yea true , you just need to seal them , cedar is rot resistant by nature . 	and it smells delicious when cutting . 
you bring nothing to this discussion . 	no , i bring questions to the discussion that you either cannot or will not answer . it speaks volumes to your inability to honestly debate . 
i 'm not responsible for corporations either , but walker sends a lot of my tax dollars to them . 	which he should n't do . tax policy in our country is fucked . 
bring on the down votes !  i 'm sorry but , at 15 you know right from wrong . he became an enemy combatant . end of story . 	he was signed up by his father , he was a child soldier . 
he was signed up by his father , he was a child soldier . 	he was a 15 year old from the first world of canada . enemy combatant and nothing more or less . 
the enemy are n't people 	exactly the type of person that should not be behind a gun or making decisions . 
he was a 15 year old from the first world of canada . enemy combatant and nothing more or less . 	so , for arguments sake let 's say he was n't a child soldier . does that justify torturing someone ? 
i think it 's because a lot of the drivers in miami come from other countries where there just are n't as many driving laws . they come to miami and think they can drive the same way . 	driving with different laws does not make one rude . road rage is an entirely different matter . 
98 excuse me , but i am 4 . 6 times younger than you 	99 4 . 8 is between 4 . 7 and 4 . 9 
lol you 're the one with a shitty bike , get off your ass and make some money 	fyi i 'm not on my ass , i work from 9 - 9 6 days a week , now go troll someone else 
farage is n't the party . ukip will live on without him , and i do n't blame him for retiring once we 're out , he 's done so much for us . 	well of course . nobody will blame him . his aim is to leave the eu and once his job is done he 's satisfied and so are we , i 'm not sure ukip has too much of a use . 
honestly it was a perfect south park game in every way . it was also a really great rpg . i was insanely impressed . 	ive never had higher expectations for a game before release and then been so pleasantly satisfied when the game exceeded those in every way . def the best gaming experience for me by a long shot . 
whatever man , dominos has a two - for - one special on so i 'll just order my own and i wo n't share . 	how you going to eat all that pizza when we do n't let you drink any of the surge ? 
i spent about 200k to get my silver . it hurt . 	i would 've spent 200k real money if i had to ! 
have you created a room ? 	i got it to work . it looks like the photon package i downloaded previously was defective for some reason . 
scarlet witch and quicksilver from avengers 2 were husband and wife in godzilla . 	hazel and gus from the fault in our stars were brother and sister in divergent .  there 's some weird pseudo - incest thing going on lately with movies . 
probably well known but i still find it funny that steve buscemi has that rant about servers in reservoir dogs and then in pulp fiction he 's the waiter 	also in the diner scene in pulp fiction , the television pilot that uma thurman describes being on is basically the premise of kill bill . of which she is the star . 
what bounty did you complete to get the treasure key ? 	so far all of the new ones have given one . not sure if it repeats though , only ran into one of each so far . 
dream league , the rescheduled series got played today . not sure where they put the vods though . 	was the game remade , where they were beating empire ? or did they continue from the push top ? 
no but apparently they beat empire because they are good but they lost the previous game to the same team . 	yes , and the win from alliance was a lot more convincing . alliance played better today . 
yes and i said that was because of empire 's shit draft and not entirely because alliance played better . 	you are aware that drafting is part of the game , and it was in fact empire that drafted for themselves , not some rng third party like you seem to imply . 
you are aware that drafting is part of the game , and it was in fact empire that drafted for themselves , not some rng third party like you seem to imply . 	what i mean it was empire playing bad , not alliance playing well . though they still did pretty well compared to their average . 
love me some alliance . what league was it ? will the games be uploaded to youtube or something ? 	dream league , the rescheduled series got played today . not sure where they put the vods though . 
the draft , i mean , hats off to empire for being brave , but it really was n't the greatest thing to do ! 	great casting by the way ! it 's awesome to hear more british voices in the scene . 
that 's awesome ! i think it 's a little slow , but that 's about the only criticism i could think of . nice work ! 	yes . but with some sounds and talk over to it , i might change this opinion 
eh , i did n't find it particularly funny . i appreciate the attempt though , to each their own . 	i was slightly bummed when i saw the length and figured it was n't a full length video being released right now , so i can definately see where you 're coming from . 
dan is getting paid in fun . i would give up all the money in order to play just cause 3 early . avalanche is getting free advertising from this . it all works . 	and his getting views , his major income and the best way for us to support him . 
ahhh . that does make sense . see , my judgment is clouded ? 	you 're ears deep in a bad spot . it 's going to be easier for someone on the outside to see different angles 
if you order from tire rack over the phone they 'll shave a tire to your desired depth to match the rest of the set . great service ! 	well that 's pretty cool 
should n't we celebrate successful people ? i 'd rather aspire to be like claire and phil from modern family than like dan and roseanne or al and peggy 	i ca n't think of anyone on tv that i aspire to be , period . television is for news and entertainment , not for realistic life models . 
sure ! although i have to admit , it 's not mine . i do n't know if the term is his , but i heard it from david simon , creator of the wire and homicide : life on the streets . 	still gold ! cheers . 
who the hell worships the rich ? i do n't . 	i 'm with you . they 're no more or less of a person than i am . if they treat me the same as i treat them , we 're cool .  if not , then can go fuck themselves . 
who the hell worships the rich ? i do n't . 	look at the state of reality television . almost all of it is about rich people being rich or spending money .  a lot of people worship it . 
who the hell worships the rich ? i do n't . 	even if you do n't , surely you are aware of the kind of television shows , movies magazines , and books that the average person likes ? 
i do n't know . i just say a til today about steve jobs . no one is allowed to touch his office . that 's sort of like a shrine , is n't it ? 	sounds a lot like the monarch not letting anyone touch his throne . 
it would be the same , all the kittens are already naked . 	my cat already stands with his butthole in front of me , so nothing new . 
my cat already stands with his butthole in front of me , so nothing new . 	dogs gotta lick your mouth , cats want you to smell their buttholes .  tell me why we have pets again ? 
very , very reluctant upvote . that link , though , shall stay blue . 	ugh , good move . cannot unsee . must find brain bleach . 
great book . robinson might be the greatest active american author . 	right , amazing author . i 'd never heard of her until i stumbled across the book recently . 
you sure ? webmd has gotten me a little worked up with claims of possible chronic or even life long brain damage and back pain . 	yes . if you continue to have pain , see a doctor . otherwise , go work and enjoy life . 
only problem there is , that the one guy who waits for someone else to click just to get a purple flair will look the same as all the other losers who clicked at the very beginning . 	and the grays who tried so hard not to press the button will blend in with all the others who did n't even know what the button was . 
i 've seen the gif of what you 're referring to but i 'm an idiot who does n't know what the actual film is . what 's it called ? 	it 's citizen kane , and it 's considered by many to be the greatest movie ever made . 
only problem there is , that the one guy who waits for someone else to click just to get a purple flair will look the same as all the other losers who clicked at the very beginning . 	u ca n't call em losers anymore bro . game has changed . 
but he acknowledges he got his flair during a glitch . i do not think he has any interest in being the pressiah , for he hides his flair . 	the button has chosen him , it does n't care what he wants . now is the time for him to cast off the boy he used to be , it 's now or never . 
hey let 's all just not click the button for more than 60 seconds so we can see if this is what 's happening . everyone in ? great ! 	nice try , kiddo . 
you mean the weirdos who could n't make a choice ? 	if you choose not to decide ; you still have made a choice . 
woah , dude . i 'm proud to be green 	green is definitely the best . no doubt 'bout it .  unless you 're another color , then you might have some doubts . 
your arms doing okay there , son ? 	that 's called muscle dad , it 's not a tumor . 
i do n't mind it . i tried to get into the the catalog but failed . since then , i 've had fun being a 60s . 	we are the flair that literally could not give less fucks . 
give the servers in all regions first than lock it . 	there are us , nl , jp , and au server i think that covers most regions . most players are from nl . 
ok deal . but give me the zhonyas .  and talking about zed will be useless , it is in the minute 13 against any ap cos they rush zhonyas . 	qss for zhonya trade isnt fair , ap 's can always use cleanse . 
ad zhonyas would make zeds ult useless , lol . 	ok deal . but give me the zhonyas .  and talking about zed will be useless , it is in the minute 13 against any ap cos they rush zhonyas . 
i 'll have a look . good quality is also really important tho 	yeah there 's no worries about quality at all , the worst thing is the price lol 
really glitchy , working on getting back in 	no matter how much dedication you have to your work , streaming yourself at work smuggling cats is not a good idea . 
true , i just am afraid of it 's anonymity , not so much with drugs but what some of the more twisted people might do . 	try not to worry too much about it , anything really bad either gets too big or lasts too long to not be noticed . bye bye silk road . 
i 've got high hopes for this . what david simon really does best is illustrate the problems of american cities . has the potential to be the best thing he 's done since the wire . 	i kind of see the wire as being more about the city of baltimore than it is specifically about crime . the criminals are just a way of showing how the city works . 
remember kids , the first rule of tautology club is the first rule of tautology club . 	says the psa by the department of redundancy department . 
we should be friends and play together . i have no one else to play with . 	well , let 's all add friend codes tomorrow ! 
we 'll survive together off videos , coffee , and hype , friend . it 's only about 12 hours more , give or take sleep and extra time . 	thing is , i do n't want to watch any more videos in order to keep myself excited and less expecting of what 's to come . 
same here . good luck surviving , squid kids . 	we should be friends and play together . i have no one else to play with . 
found the middle schooler . 	found the guy in med school . 
when you put the toilet paper in the holder , should the outer layer be on the over side or the under side ?  i 'm for the over side , personally . 	speaking of toilet paper , fold or crumple ? 
in my mind , it all just boils down to the fact that his top priority is the protection of him , and his people . it can explain a lot of his actions and what he might end up doing . 	hmm , i can see your point but it still does look quite a bit suspicious , at least imo 
i dont think that people who work at the courthouse care if you stand outside of it on sunday with a sign . 	no , i 'm just trying to get more people to join me . 
where can i vote ?   	top of the post . 
brave might work as it can take bravery to do something somewhat small but hero is quite the stretch . 	you 're right . i guess i went on a stupid tangent to try to prove a point . 
i wanna know what high school class you 're in that lasts two hours 	in my highschool our lunch blocks are 2 hours long since 25 minutes of it you 're in lunch . if you get your phone taken at the start of that class it could very easily be 2 hours . 
this is obviously false . if you were right you could play 50 matches with someone of a poorer skill than you and only win 25 matches . it 's more likely to be in the 45 - 50 range . 	those are some cool made up statistics you got there buddy . 
yeah that sounds like a good idea to me , pretty sure fab said he 'd go dragon back on mv too , so that 's another type sorted . 	would we still keep a kind of hierarchy then , or just resemble the de , with 18 completely equal members ? 
so which one do you take to hurt it , the black or white one ? 	which do you think man , come on . 
right just updating my entire game first , hopefully this fixes things 	its open ! 
okay , i 'll try and head over , then ! 	right just updating my entire game first , hopefully this fixes things 
right just updating my entire game first , hopefully this fixes things 	let me know when your gates are open and i 'll head over . 
i could , do that , but i do n't want to have to lay out all my bells again after laying them out before you getting here . : c let me try restarting my game real fast first . 	i just want to make sure that the connection is working , so sorry about this ive never had this problem with wifi before : s 
hmm still not working , do you want to try coming over here to pick him up ? 	i could , do that , but i do n't want to have to lay out all my bells again after laying them out before you getting here . : c let me try restarting my game real fast first . 
thats fine ! just going to add your fcs now hun 	added ! do you want me to come pick him up first ? 
nice cloud face . btw is your username is related to the sitcom from comedy central ? 	haha yeah , inspired by the show you 're thinking of : p i also just liked the ring of it . 
oh , come on .  surely we can share this planet without war .  both can find ways to work this out .  it is n't necessary to hate to live .   	you are sweet . i wish you were the boss . 
if the other guy can make invalid comparisons , i can too . 	what invalid comparison did he make ? 
christ , there are bigger aircraft carriers , we get it , this does n't have to be the top comment in every non us aircraft carrier photo 	my gods man , do you completely lack a sense of humor or did you just have sand in your vagina when you posted this comment ? if it makes you feel better , i will delete it . christ . 
my gods man , do you completely lack a sense of humor or did you just have sand in your vagina when you posted this comment ? if it makes you feel better , i will delete it . christ . 	brits have a definite lack of humour when it comes to the military .  i thought it was funny , bravo ! 
there 's an inactivity kick ? i do n't think i 've ever seen it used . 	yes ive been kicked quite a few times when someone has come to the door or ive had to take a phone call while gaming . 
its not just their intro . the structure is identical . how many of their songs have that spoken word bridge ? 	practically every song . not saying it was a bad thing , but it most certainly is the case . 
every song starts with the same tune . it gets very confusing which it is about to flow into to . 	that 's part of their charm . although i 've listened to their songs so many times that i can almost tell the difference between them due to the pitch and pacing of that first tune . 
well , i actually already run a group and was looking to get onto the other side of the table .  i would like to play on roll20 if possible . would you be down to sit in as the dm ? 	do you think that a year of experience role playing is enough to dm also if i dm i 'm probably going too have a npc follow you guys as a mercenary so i can play as a character and dm 
fuck their buffs . if i wanna use my green lava spider , i am gonna use my green lava spider . 	damn straight . if they do n't like me using dinky , they can suck his metal twin balls . 
i do n't follow . does n't that just push spam into text posts ? the solution is still people moderation , down voting , and reporting . 	it will mean an increase in self post spam , but it should be a decrease over all . i 've seen it work elsewhere . 
like that guy from vegas that had that giant ball sack ? 	when did this reddit turn into 4chan ? 
how did you lose 22 pounds in 30 days mate ?  and congrats 	no kidding my brother lost 17 pounds in one week . 
just a reminder that in oot you could save everywhere . 	yes , but it was n't a time based game . 
when you withdraw at night he requires a fee . this was in the original 	was it ? i 've never seen it before lol , i guess i never withdrew at night in the original then 
i think they 're going for another snakes in a plane with this one . takes itself seriously within the film but the premise itself is what 's camp . 	i 've never watched it . what other films do that would u say ? the other version of white house down , with channing tatum maybe ? 
would n't air force one have anti missile measures ?   	let 's not poke holes in a fun action movie that 's not meant to be anymore than that . 
iron sky was , is and will forever be my guilty pleasure movie . i for one cannot wait for the second movie 	god it 's going to be epic ! 
overall im willing to bet your quality and enjoyment of life is much higher . i would trade living in the usa with you any day . 	well , here healthy food is cheaper than fast food so we got that going for us , which is pretty fucking awesome . 
yeah , we built a house a couple years ago , we each had our own master bath and closet put in to prevent this sort thing . 	johnny cash said that the key to a happy marriage was separate bathrooms . 
of course you are physically able to drink piss . you also can drink bleach . so what ? you should n't do it . 	my point was its no worst than drinking shower water . comparing pee to bleach highlights what a retard you are . 
i 'm pretty sure there is science to back me up on the fact that toilet water stays relatively clean as long as the bowl is kept clean . but i do n't care enough to look for things to link . 	even if i 'm pretty sure the soles of my shoes stay relatively clean , i 'm not gonna rub that shit on my toothbrush . 
ca n't you drink piss anyway ? 	there 's a good chance that every drop of water on this earth has been piss at one point since its existence . 
gun game is so much fun , i 'm actually pretty decent to my surprise mainly because if you play twitchy and just keep pushing you 'll do well . 	i might give that a try then if i reinstall it . so much on my backlog its insane , trying to keep from endless games if i can . : x 
or maybe that 's not the point . what were we talking about ? 	listen , it 's on reddit and i 'm trying to correct someone on the finer technicalities of plumbing , something i really do n't know shit about . 
looks like you need to put some more shelves in there bruh . 	even a cheap shower catty can do the trick . bed , bath , and beyond has a tonne of them that 'll fit the purpose . 
and i 'm just living here , in the netherlands where most homes have one bathroom and one toilet room . 	overall im willing to bet your quality and enjoyment of life is much higher . i would trade living in the usa with you any day . 
i do n't know about your toilet water , but my toilet water stays pretty clean . 	how does it stay clean if it comes from a bowl that just had your excrement in it ? 
i do n't piss in the shower . i have before , and i would do it again if i need to and i 'm not against it , but i normally take care of pissing long before i shower . 	the sound of the running water makes me pee . 
you mean people who want their skin to feel slimy and never truly clean . 	i guess it 'll be slimy of you scrub yourself and jump out without rinsing like a retard . 
i 've done that . it never occurred to me to let the piss run down my leg . maybe it 's a guy thing . 	am a girl , it 's not just a guy thing . the sound of running water makes me have to pee , even if i just did a minute ago . i do n't really like being around fountains for this reason . 
there is this myth that women are cleaner than men . it is a myth . i have lived with 3 different women , and none of them were as clean as i . but do n't you dare leave the seat up 	a man who thinks that women are cleaner than men is a man who does n't have a sister . 
how do you feel about capitalization ? 	yes , we do enjoy capitalism . 
people who dont want dry skin . 	you mean people who want their skin to feel slimy and never truly clean . 
ca n't you drink piss anyway ? 	only bear grylls can . 
then be a man and solve the problem by buying here something nice to store all of her bottles in a convenient way . 	women still would n't use it . 
i was talking about portal for pc of course , also i only play gun game on cs : go and it 's a ton of fun and not hard to get into at all ! 	gun game eh ?  i was playing terrorist vs ct and some other mode . 
gun game eh ?  i was playing terrorist vs ct and some other mode . 	gun game is so much fun , i 'm actually pretty decent to my surprise mainly because if you play twitchy and just keep pushing you 'll do well . 
i do n't piss in the shower . i have before , and i would do it again if i need to and i 'm not against it , but i normally take care of pissing long before i shower . 	yeah usually i do n't know i have to go until i 'm in the shower and all that running water and its like well im here anyway . 
so does the bathroom have a toilet in it also or is the toilet specifically dedicated to the toilet room ? 	i 'd assume it would be like our full and half bathrooms . one has shower and toilet , the other just has a toilet . 
you ever try to finish a shower before you have to poop and end up sitting on the bowl dripping wet ? 	i fucking hate that dirty feeling of shitting after a shower . i make sure to empty my intestinal pan whether my body likes it or not because fuck that itchy aggravating feeling . 
that 's not a nice word to say about people . 	how about you learn how to talk properly to people ? are you that awkward and off putting in person ? 
you ever try to finish a shower before you have to poop and end up sitting on the bowl dripping wet ? 	it sucks . just like putting on tight socks when your feet are still a bit wet . 
everyone pisses in the shower . do n't deny it . 	there 's actually a drive in the uk trying to get students to pee in the shower in the morning to save water , weird concept but it feels good doing my part for the environment . 
i actually do n't , i ca n't deny that i 'm really disgusting in other ways some of which are probably worse than pissing on my own feet , but i just do n't piss in the shower . 	are you female ? or is your dong so long it hangs down over our feet ? mine goes right down the drain and does n't come near me . 
and people thought i was snooty just for having separate bathrooms . that setup sounds terrible for guests . 	i 'm pretty sure those two bathrooms are not the only ones in the house . also none of my friends have ever gotten angry at me for having more than one bathroom 
yes , but i 'd rather get shit particles through normal air than them being laced with poop and toilet water . 	i do n't know about your toilet water , but my toilet water stays pretty clean . 
twas a joke . a happy wife is a happy life . 	is there a female equivalent to this phrase ? i hate this phrase . 
shit son , if your piss is changing the texture of your floor , then you need to take a serious look at your health . 	motherfucker 's so hard he pisses concrete . step off , soft - stream ! 
i tried pissing in the shower a few times . felt just as weird each time . 	keep going , it gets easier  edit : it also saves water 
there is this myth that women are cleaner than men . it is a myth . i have lived with 3 different women , and none of them were as clean as i . but do n't you dare leave the seat up 	anyone who has ever worked a joe job that involved cleaning men 's and women 's restrooms knows the truth . 
everyone pisses in the shower . do n't deny it . 	they actively encourage that at my university . saves water . 
so , she waters her garden with soap and shampoo ? that ca n't be very good for the garden . 	considering how extremely diluted it is by water , the grass can handle it . 
add tar first to help it stick better . 	i remember it as tar and feather , since when did we tar and money people ? 
sometimes it has a toilet sometimes it does n't . 	this room is magical . 
i agree with that statement about nose pickers , but peeing in the shower genuinely makes me uncomfortable . 	found the gold miner . 
keep going , it gets easier  edit : it also saves water 	i prefer not to stand in my own piss . 
i usually aim my stream directly into the drain rather than coat the entire floor in piss . 	this a type of logical thinking that my roommates lack . 
i do n't piss in the shower . i have before , and i would do it again if i need to and i 'm not against it , but i normally take care of pissing long before i shower . 	me , too . when i turn the shower water on , i immediately need to pee , but i have to wait for the shower water to warm up before getting into the shower , so i use the toilet . 
there are two types of people : those that piss in the shower , and liars . 	not a liar , and do n't piss in the shower . did so when i was a kid . not sure when i changed my mind on it . 
its a guy thing because convenience . like how we 'd rather tilt the entire table so the remote can slide into reach than get up to grab it . 	nah , man , its because , i ahhh , care about the environment so much i want to save water . 
found the gold miner . 	i freaking love picking my nose . i am not ashamed . 
are you female ? or is your dong so long it hangs down over our feet ? mine goes right down the drain and does n't come near me . 	are the voices in your head telling you this ?  edit : grammar 
man who uses bar soap anymore ? it 's the 21st century . 	yeah because the liquid shit in a bottle is so complicated that they could never make a bar solid version . 
but i 'm a man ! i only need 2 ! : p 	this is a time of need . you have to change your priorities . time to develop an extensive hair treatment and body cleansing collection . 
i gave up on fighting this . just put the top cover down along with the seat . i 'll be damned if i 'm the only one who 's going to be adjusting the seat . 	that was an easy decision to make the first time i walked in on my cat drinking out of the toilet . 
ca n't you drink piss anyway ? 	only if you 're bear grylls . 
i know , right ? a woman who shaves her body , and uses all those products to make her hair and skin silky smooth and sweet - smelling ! run , op , she sounds like a nightmare ! 	while she is sweet smelling the apartment you need to live in looks like it hosted a 3 day open air festival . 
hahaha . you read it , do n't lie . 	i got to the point where you actually asked me to hold my hand over the toilet bowl . it became very obvious you did n't read what i had said and gave up on you . 
getting out of the shower to have a piss is like getting out of your car to order at the drive - thru . 	i 've done that . it never occurred to me to let the piss run down my leg . maybe it 's a guy thing . 
you need to add some shelves . bitches love shelves 	can confirm . am bitch . love shelves . 
it 's more of a joke between us now than any kind of petty passive aggressive bullshit . 	1v1 him in iron forge . loser gives up desk rights . 
lol maybe learn the difference between a sewer and a septic system eh bud ? plus grey water is largely determined by municipality . 	they built the house themselves . they 're in an extremely rural area so i doubt there 's little if any municipal oversight . 
you ever try to finish a shower before you have to poop and end up sitting on the bowl dripping wet ? 	just poop in the shower and shove it down the drain . it 's kind of fun actually , and all you have to do is shampoo afterwards so that any poop residue does n't stink after you finish . 
everyone pisses in the shower . do n't deny it . 	the key is whether or not you 're in the shower with the water running at the time . 
everyone pisses in the shower . do n't deny it . 	let 's all kiss our sister ! 
i shit in the shower . 	you are my fucking hero . 
but i have two thing . a bar of soap and two in one shampoo and conditioner . 	buy more crap then ! 
you ca n't control the heat of your shower ? the fuck ? 	the heat in my apartment ! not the water itself lol 
tell her you 'll just piss in the shower , both problems solved . 	conserve water , piss in the shower ! 
but i have two thing . a bar of soap and two in one shampoo and conditioner . 	does n't seem like enough for all the square footage of hair of a hairy bear . 
its a guy thing because convenience . like how we 'd rather tilt the entire table so the remote can slide into reach than get up to grab it . 	i have my hockey stick for that use , among many others . 
tell her you 'll just piss in the shower , both problems solved . 	be realistic , that would just cause a fight .  just pee on them . and do n't tell her . then you can have your secret satisfaction . 
its a guy thing because convenience . like how we 'd rather tilt the entire table so the remote can slide into reach than get up to grab it . 	its like kicking your cat through the window so you dont have to open the door ! 
i do n't think it 's a gender thing . i think it 's a lazy hygiene thing , with lazy being emphasized if their shower drain always smells like stale urine . 	because all that shampoo and soap water going through the drain ca n't clean a little fresh urine ? do n't be a tool . 
but i have two thing . a bar of soap and two in one shampoo and conditioner . 	man who uses bar soap anymore ? it 's the 21st century . 
am i the only one who never even moves the seat ? i just pee with it down . sometimes i get a little piss on it and i just wipe it off with a tp square . if it 's dark i just sit . 	being an 6 '1 dude , i some how always manage to pee on the seat standing up . so i 'm now all i do is sit . so much cleaner and quicker . 
not to be a twat , but she sounds like a c . 	not to be a cunt , but she sounds like a d . 
i 've done that . it never occurred to me to let the piss run down my leg . maybe it 's a guy thing . 	i 'm pretty sure that peeing in the shower it 's not just a guy thing . as a guy though , i can say with confidence that pee running down your leg does not happen to us . 
that 's less messy , but that floor is still disgustingly dirty . 	some comet and a scrub brush will do wonders on a shower . 
you ca n't have 2 master bathrooms , one of them has to be the slave bathroom . 	it 's okay , the house has two ide channels . although really they should be cable select bathrooms . 
i 've done that . it never occurred to me to let the piss run down my leg . maybe it 's a guy thing . 	its a guy thing because convenience . like how we 'd rather tilt the entire table so the remote can slide into reach than get up to grab it . 
not to be a twat , but she sounds like a c . 	not to be a bitch , but she sounds like a cunt . 
the fact that you made through all four seasons alone is a triumph . sounds like a keeper 	that 's the plan ! 
everyone pisses in the shower . do n't deny it . 	i piss in the shower . it 's self cleaning 
if you wait until your partner feels upset emotions and then you call their problems dumb , then your relationship is going to be damaged . 	my point of view is that it is not necessary for me to deal with someone whose problems i feel are dumb . just go to the next one . 
i thought myth busters debunked that whole thing . you get shit particles on everything whether the lid is up or down . 	yes , but i 'd rather get shit particles through normal air than them being laced with poop and toilet water . 
you think that actually cleans ? your shit was just in that bowl man . 	i 'm pretty sure there is science to back me up on the fact that toilet water stays relatively clean as long as the bowl is kept clean . but i do n't care enough to look for things to link . 
i 've done that . it never occurred to me to let the piss run down my leg . maybe it 's a guy thing . 	i do n't think it 's a gender thing . i think it 's a lazy hygiene thing , with lazy being emphasized if their shower drain always smells like stale urine . 
i do n't either . seems counterintuitive to relieve waste where i clean myself . 	i think you 're doing it wrong , you 're not suppose to piss on yourself in the shower , you 're suppose to piss downwards into the drain . 
you ever try to finish a shower before you have to poop and end up sitting on the bowl dripping wet ? 	that 's why you always , always , always take shit before shower . then you can open the cracks and get that baby squeaky clean while you 're in the shower . only makes sense 
any specific plans ? coming in for business ? you like da booze ? 	work and yes , who does n't like booze ? 
agreed . after wave 3 , i 'm definitely preordering at gamestop in store . they seem to do very well with preorders . 	it makes sense , they specialize in games , they probably would screw up game preorders the least . 
ca n't say the same . my shulk had a disgusting crease in the top left corner of the box . 	could 've been a screw up at shipping or in store ? or most likely damage when shipped ? 
he 's gonna have a kid in about 6 months so now i have to buy him a present ! 	how does it feel to know the first ever man to give birth ? 
he does n't exist . so irritating . 	i was going to say the same thing . he 's imaginary . it 's very annoying . 
unicorn status , confirmed .  pre ordering from every retailer to ensure that i get one , confirmed .  ness amiibo in my hands eventually , confirmed . 	inb4 every pre - order local and import is cancelled 
no problemo - it 's not exactly obvious without a little explanation . 	curious then , since you made it clear . what exactly is an asexual ? 
violence can be the answer some times .  bully in school keeps hitting you ? hit that fucker back .  douche bag in bar keeps harassing your friend ? hit them .   	holy shit . i thought we had died out . people who think violence can solve stuff occasionally 
i might fight over something like that . it 's just so supremely disrespectful 	that 's how you get cut . 
more importantly , did your ex turn gay after the break up ? 	doubt so . he 's still really flirty whenever i bump into him so i try to stay away . 
hahah she never saved it to her hard drive , and her college email is gone now , so afraid i ca n't share the song .  i 'm sorry to hear that , friend . people like that are slime . 	meh , win some lose some . i 'm not insecure about it anymore , it just happens .  and i 'm actually really upset about not getting to hear the song . your description is glorious 
haha ! great analogy , i will start calling him the seagull . 	happy to have helped , hahah . 
i might fight over something like that . it 's just so supremely disrespectful 	i nearly grabbed him by the collar and pulled him back but i was going to see how the situation played out first . brains before fists . 
that is pathetic . the whole prince charming thing is really really sad . 	to most girls it comes off the complete opposite of charming and confident too . no one likes that shit , stop it . 
he could be her friend . he 's just definitely not yours haha 	that 's just a little weird , tho . and a friend should n't be afraid about their friends 'so 's 
ai n't nothing wrong with his fetish , ai n't nothing wrong with having one . however , gotta have a better way of asking , or making sure she is into it ha ha 	seriously . leading with a fetish request like that is a bad idea . 
were he and your girlfriend both not white ? figure that 's obvious but i still wanna ask . that 's ridiculous . 	correct . plot twist my father has deep olive skin , but i came out pretty white . 
meh , win some lose some . i 'm not insecure about it anymore , it just happens .  and i 'm actually really upset about not getting to hear the song . your description is glorious 	good on you , then .  man if i 'm being honest i wish i could write something that sounded that nice and clean . if it was n't for the horrifying invasion of privacy i would probably like it . 
1 . do n't play windowed , this causes input lag .  2 . do n't use v - sync .  3 . screenshot would be nice . 	1 i ca n't feel the lag in fullscreen windowed but i get heavy input lag in windowed 2 ill turn that off 3 i 'm out for about 3 days so ill take a screenshot as soon as i get back to my computer 
maybe i 'm just bias because i 'm not a party girl but nice guy loses credibility when he says he loves to party imo 	well that 's a shame you feel that way . just because i drink and go to the bar and smoke weed does n't mean i 'm touchy or a player or a bad to my girlfriends . 
doesnt feel super rad right now haha . 	ya for awhile it hurt to sleep on my stomach cuz of that scar . scar gel and keeping it moist will make it heal quicker 
nice . i got a scar around the same area awhile ago . it looks rad 	i also had identical looking road rash . same place and everything . 
that was horrible , but still entertaining . if this is the level of quality this show holds i ca n't understand why it is still on air . 	because old people that last played games when they involved a stick and an empty bottle watch garbage ?   
or , there are several great beard shops online that sell pre - blended oils as well . 	do you sell mustache wax that holds ? i think mine is too weak 
why do you say it 's still months away from being any good ? is it not fun or too buggy to enjoy playing ? 	it 's not really that buggy outside of combat which is largely fine , it 's just without some of the key updates coming it 's a bit of a bore after you build up a town with some friends . 
the only part that would be exposed would be water panel and maybe a little plastic . the electrical panel is in the supply side . 	that plastic eventually gets real brittle and crumbles in your hands when you go to replace the pad . makes it look like you broke it when you tell the customer 
the dankest of all planets . 	is n't that juniper ? i go there to grow my space weed . 
where does this name come from ? and why are some people already referring to earth by this name ? am i out of the loop on this one 	it is a synonym for earth . in days past for some , earth was called terra , our moon was called luna .  far more elegant , imo .  terra and its sister , luna . 
not sure why you are downvoted . this is how i got my foot in the door . 	read op 's post again 
and didnt they lose a large number of ships on the way to mereen ? 	i think it was mostly because they where trying to go so fast . its possible the ships will find them later , i dont think many died 
is that show up ? what number is it ?   	it 's pka 110 , it 's age gated though , so you have to be signed it 
you ca n't double sticky , we 'll just have to put it in the banner 	reddit need more glue plz ! 
this happened to me once and it was because i quit nmm during a download . go into your nmm mod 's folder and move the zip files out , then try restarting it . 	can you explain what zip files are ? i am not terribly experienced with this . i looked up the ending . zip and i couldnt find anything .   
streets of rage 2 ,  shining force ,  rocket knight adventures ,  wonder boy in monster world .  these are all amazing titles , total must plays ! 	rocket knight adventures is the best ! i did n't think anyone else knew it thought ! 
streets of rage 2 ,  shining force ,  rocket knight adventures ,  wonder boy in monster world .  these are all amazing titles , total must plays ! 	shining in the darkness before you play shining force . very different kind of games but they go together . 
indeed if not the best . too bad they wo n't make a current gen shining force game for let 's say the 3ds .   	nope , but they will make a shining force free to play game . yay ? 
i remember playing toe jam and earl all the time with my brother . i want to get that one badly 	i liked pt 2 as well . dont forget streets of rage 3 
indeed if not the best . too bad they wo n't make a current gen shining force game for let 's say the 3ds .   	they do golden sun now , so shining force is probably out of the question . 
but they might look worse down the line since they are n't taking preventative measures . 	that 's definitely what i 'm hoping for ! my skin might 've been on the bottom quarter of the population for the last 20 years , but hopefully it 'll be on the top half 20 years from now . 
also no mega man music either , but i understand it 's mostly music from nintendo games and not 3rd party games . although pac mans music is there . 	well that 's mainly because the company that owns pac - man worked on smash , so it makes sense for his songs to be there . 
speaking in terms of evolution , the cry of a baby is supposed to feel uncomfortable so that it gets taken care of in a timely and appropriate manner . 	is that the same reason everyone hates the sound of a baby crying in the back of a plane even though it 's not their child ? 
it is for some , then there 's the other who have a diminished sense so they would either need a test kit , or black light 	a lot of nbome 's come on paper that reacts to black lights in a similar way to lsd , so that 's not a really good test anymore . 
maybe if you have a shit ton of it , you are n't going to be able to smell a few tabs . 	i can , everyone 's sense of smell is different 
this is the truth right here .  furthermore , a sense of re - established community . bring back shame and support , crime drops . 	so , not just turn off my tv , but actually leave the house ? and meet my neighbors ? you 're mad , but maybe you 're just the kind of mad that this world needs . 
its doing good , i got a small goldfish just to see if it would eat it , it did eat it . 	be careful with feeder goldfish , they usually have at least ich and are n't very nutritional at all . 
iowa state is poised to make the tourney 4 times in a row for the first time ever . and i believe its the first time iowa state has had four 20 win seasons in a row as well . 	let 's not overlook our in - state rival uni , they 're having by far their best season ever . good year for the state of iowa . 
let 's not overlook our in - state rival uni , they 're having by far their best season ever . good year for the state of iowa . 	really pulling for them as long as they 're not in our region . 
thats not a real jelly school , its a donut shop . 	well okay , but next time i will call the jelly school 
why ? any idea why ? curious . 	just because of a needless pass to hudler to rub it in the face of detroit . just thought johnny should 've shot and not passed .   
do we know what 's up with ericsson ? i thought i read somewhere he may not play tonight ? 	he did n't practice yesterday , but is expected to be in the game today . 
that was a pretty weak call against smith for tripping . looked pretty incidental . i think we might not be getting fucked by refs tonight , guys ! 	it looked like he was high sticked , but i guess that was n't the call 
cole is looking great . it 's also cool to have more american players on the team instead of all euros . 	i hope that is n't a deterrent if we choose to attempt to bring him back in free agency . hopefully he wants to play with the skill , and not the nationality . 
thought the big e hate train left the station like two years ago . 	i must have missed the last departure lol . in all honestly man i mean it more as he has n't looked right since fucking up his hand . 
i feel like follow through or not it should be a penalty . they fucking penalized monster for standing with his stick . 	i agree entirely , but i 'm not a rule maker . 
like that high stick was n't even a penalty haha . the refs did n't miss a call . 	its more than just the high stick , there has been other shit in the last several games that should have been called but did n't 
goose . just shoot . stop waiting for the absolute perfect shot 	i agree . its fun to watch tho . he will bury one . 
i 'm coming to realize that i hate two goal leads these days . 	definitely makes for exciting hockey though . 
til if you want to have an elite athlete whether football or hockey , use skittles as a reward . power pellets 	babs should start rewarding players with a bag of skittles per goal they get . 
when did jurco get moved to first line ? sorry for the noob question i do n't pay as close attention as a lot of you gods here 	it was only last game . this is his second game on the top line 
if we lose this game after that amazing road game streak i would n't even be surprised . that 's such a wings thing to do 	calgary is far from the hardest team we have faced , but we are trailing them by 2 . this team confuses me at times . 
fiddle sticks . i would have been nice to win this one . 	ai n't no fat lady singing yet . 
everyone already forgot about that excellent road trip . god , we 're so spoiled sometimes . 	like that high stick was n't even a penalty haha . the refs did n't miss a call . 
it really does feel like the refs favor the other team every night , does n't it ? 	i think every fan base feels like that . 
if people want the refs to call everything lets go back to 2006 and see 20 penalties a game . 	we 'll just flip the benches so that the non - penalized players sit in the box and everyone sitting out sits in the main boxes . 
ok cool , what team are you managing ? 	reading fc . now that i 've finally got some good fa cup and capitol one cup time my budget was a lot better than when i first entered the premier league 
ahh was gonna say , you could jump in one of my lobbies for your kills . sorry broseph . 	thanks . i 'm at around 130 so it should n't be too long now . 
that is literally fucking impossible how do you not find a system hack while in dom that is just insane you 're fucked 	some days i get really lucky and i 'll play the entire day without seeing a system hack once . 
i like this , the : re covers are nice . but does anyone else think her face kinda looks like a boy here ? 	yeah , i 's either the face or the hair . one of them does n't have the right volume . 
regarding point 4 , ca n't characters move through other characters ? 	if troopers are taking all spots adjacent to a terminal , they cannot access it . 
england was already 2 goals down ended up losing 4 : 1 and played like shit . it was n't like the wembley goal where the decision was really decisive for the match . 	that would have made it 2 : 2 and the game was in england 's favour at that point . 
england was already 2 goals down ended up losing 4 : 1 and played like shit . it was n't like the wembley goal where the decision was really decisive for the match . 	england were only 1 goal down and that would have brought them level at 2 : 2 . although i agree that germany probably would have won anyway . 
yeah from the right sideline almost . 	yea that was a pretty amazing goal . i was pretty sad that it was disallowed . 
england were only 1 goal down and that would have brought them level at 2 : 2 . although i agree that germany probably would have won anyway . 	germany was great that year , i did n't expect england to win . 
i was not happy when they were announced as a headliner this year but these 3 minutes and 42 seconds completely changed my mind . incredible song 	right ? this sound will be great on the farm . 
why ? what she wears is not important . if she does n't care about matching , why should you ?  have fun , take care of her and have a relaxing week . 	i do n't mind if i do n't match , but if my kid looks funny she should n't be punished . it 's something that 's always bugged me . 
i do n't mind if i do n't match , but if my kid looks funny she should n't be punished . it 's something that 's always bugged me . 	really ? ok . i do n't care about that at all . as long as she has clean clothes , and look decent i am happy . 
what a find , that 's awesome ! 	great detective work . 
yup . looks good . it will make your life a lot easier . i would just make sure it fits well , im not too familiar with that case . 	okay , will do .  thanks man ! 
holy fucking christ . just stopped by from trp to see what this board is like . jesus fuck , how autistic are you ? get your shit together man , this is beyond pathetic . 	look at the post 's score and do n't judge the whole subreddit based on this one user . 
you might find it boring or bland , but i find it brilliant . that 's the wonderful thing about art , innit ? 	not really , i just think you 've got bad taste and you kind of disgust me . 
yeah ? glad you know how i feel , then . 	yea man , it has gotten so bad i have to record my classes on my phone and hear it afterwards . 
there was lots good about sim city 2013 . it was just a few huge and glaring issues that made it a bad game . 	agreed . it was a really , really good game , ruined by some massive flaws that prevented it being enjoyable . 
in today 's world that 's not really that hard . 	still . they would live in actual opposite timezones . midnight - midday .  not trying to pole holes in this just saying there is good reason to be based out of the same country . 
the further north you go the worse the english becomes : p 	when you get into santa clause territory all bets are off . 
still . they would live in actual opposite timezones . midnight - midday .  not trying to pole holes in this just saying there is good reason to be based out of the same country . 	fair enough . 
ease of access ? 	in today 's world that 's not really that hard . 
once you 've got a slew of buildings , can you bundle them up or make a collection for everybody ?   	i 'd really love to do this , but i only currently see the game 's integration allows you to submit one building at a time . in the future i 'll try to find a way to circumvent that ! 
yeah and it was downvoted to hell and everyone shit on him for it . 	yeah i know but still the point is some people here make crap posts like that then people see it . 
yeah i know but still the point is some people here make crap posts like that then people see it . 	you ca n't stop shitty people from being shitty , the best you can do is let the community down vote it or have the mods remove it . 
even above the definition of the word . 	sponsored link ? 
ocarina of time is still one of the best fishing games available .  there needs to be an arma mod for hunting . 	yeah i even like the cheesy fishing in like minecraft or animal crossing . a game that was serious would be cool as hell . nice and relaxing . 
man , this looks perfect . thanks . i 'd kind of written off the genre without doing much research . 	it 's pretty fun . the subscription model is n't that great but you do n't need to spend very much to enjoy the game . 
for my information : how did you install it ? 	i actually just went to the msi website , there was a link for the update , and it installed just like any other file . 
how does double clutching help you when you 're trying to accelerate as fast as possible ? 	it 's an often mocked line from the fast and the furious . 
i meant my focus is slow compared to 250 hp minivan . 	yup , some 35 year old dad took off at a light , i just could n't keep up . 
why is that guy just standing there ? lazy navy fag 	he 's waiting for his boyfriend . no one will hear their sweaty man sex down there with all that firing going on . 
i 'm not even going to watch the video , i love anime , but i 'm glad rwby is n't anime because combat would boil down to mostly talking and narrating 	watch the damn video , this is n't one of your usual pointless rants about the anime and cartoon or whatever format . 
how does this work ? 	clamps to the surface of the desk instead of having a stand . less wobbly imo 
in rb , it looks all the crew of that nation except the one that died , and if the person is like me who uses one nation , now you have to wait 7 minutes to play again really . 	wait what ? that does n't make sense . in sb it only locks the crew slot you took into battle , same in rb air . edit : oh , i see why it does that , yep pretty fucking retarded . 
i used to play pretty large scale organized tank battles in arma ii with friends back in the day . 	that is what i really miss in arma 3 communities . i have tried many , but every single group is all about infantry during ops .  i am a tank man , i want my armor god dammit . 
holy crap , that 's actually a real forum rule ? 	yes . it is also sometimes quoted back at gaijin for decisions they make which encourage people to stop playing the game . 
there is n't a mercy rule or anything ?  i think the accusation of bullying is extreme , but on the other hand after 40 - 50 points up , there 's little reason to keep playing . 	conditioning . most coaches do n't want to get to the playoffs with starters that are n't accustomed to playing a full game . 
i love the idea of cm punk stealing the smackdown fist and just keeping it in his garage . 	i love the idea of him keeping mark henry and mae young 's white hand baby . 
i know you meant the hand from the whole mark henry thing , but for a moment i thought you meant the giant first from the old smackdown set . 	i love the idea of cm punk stealing the smackdown fist and just keeping it in his garage . 
i love the idea of cm punk stealing the smackdown fist and just keeping it in his garage . 	pro : hilarious con : i ca n't keep cars in my garage because i have a giant fucking fist in it .  no wait , that 's a pro . 
dude , relax . he was just asking a question . seems to me he was genuinely just curious . 	dude , relax . he was just answering the question . seems to me he was genuinely just replying .   
basically . it 's smaller than a 262 , it has only two 30mm cannons , and the wings are different , but yeah , it 's basically a japanese 262 . 	also . germany barely had the technology to build a jet engine . japan where even worse at it . 
at my prom i only sat down to eat and that 's it other than that i hung around and spoke to people . is there more to this prom than a dinner ? 	oh absolutely , but i want to sit down to eat around people i know . 
because you never have anything else to drink and a girls gotta drink , man 	or maybe it 's because you secretly like coke and wanna lie about it because you 're a sneaky 
what 's your family situation ? only child ? siblings ? are your parents cool ? 	i have a younger brother and a younger sister . my parents are really awesome , they are super understanding and i think i would consider them some of my best friends . 
how similar to a penis are you ? 	super . 
why do you have no friends ? 	good question . i mean i thought i had friends , i guess they just have more important friends or just do n't like me anymore . i suppose it happens , though . 
have you considered not going to prom ? i did n't go to mine because i do n't like listening to top 40 music . it 's been a couple of years and i do n't regret it . 	i 'm also not a huge fan of the top 40 , but i feel like if i do n't go there 's a chance i 'll change my mind and be upset about it . 
would n't both sides of the hole have to be at the same elevation for this to happen ? 	valid point , i did n't think about that . as long as the other side was higher it would wok out , but if it was lower , you may end up missing the shot back down . 
no wipe should be needed for the next one , we do wipes on the first peach of the month . 	i expect a peach next month . and it better be a georgia peach or ima be mad ! 
actually , no joke , the first time i smoked salvia , i fell in a tubular hole and spun around in a design similar to that . 	ya i felt like the world turned inside out and i was stuck on the inside . the graphic kinda reminds me of my trip too 
do they give that weird after feeling that acid does ? 	that feeling where you 're done tripping but you 're brain is still wound up and anxious and your body feels physically awful ? yeah 
spreading positivity is a wonderful gift - it 's free , pass it on 	this made me smile , thanks ! 
the heroin one gave me chills . 	i 'm not sure how to interpret it . it looks really dark , surreal , and cool , but i know heroin is not to be messed with . why did it give you chills ? 
i was a spooky ghost for years . it gets old after a while . 	after awhile , you start staying that way to avoid the sickness of being human . i feel you man . 
nah heroin makes you feel really good . when you 're on it . 	yeah i know , i did n't mean it like that though . not referring to the high but being addicted to heroin . 
i do n't get it , ive never been horny on mdma . i just feel really good and happy . ive taken it at concerts and at my house . i can never get it up 	see the thing for me is i get horny but i ca n't finish fapping . i would like to try having sex on it but that requires some extra participation 
it 's a trip , man . 	i 've done acid and shrooms quite a few times and had an absolute blast each time so salvia seems like it 'd be a cool experience . it seems like it 's be kinda sketchy to get tho haha 
were we linked with him for three months ? i thought it came completely out of the blue tbh 	yeah not sure what he 's on about . first serious links were at the very beginning of the world cup and we got him not too long after it ended 
what if eric were to die ? i think aaron 's response would be tear jerking . 	aaron would be sad , but the audience has n't really spent much time with eric , so i do n't see how his death would have much of an impact 
it 's still far too early for negan . i think 90 minutes is more likely 60 minutes of show , 30 minutes of commercials . 	someone earlier who saw it said it was indeed 90 mins . i 'm not sure if he was right , but i want to believe that . 
interesting . i want to know why i 'm going to need tissues for this episode , according to the cast , if no one in rick 's group dies . gah ! all the secrets . 	what if eric were to die ? i think aaron 's response would be tear jerking . 
it 's ridiculous - how would he find them , even if he knew they were in virginia . it 's a big place with lots of towns , it 's too much of a coincidence 	remember , he found the map to dc with rick 's name on it that abraham left for him at the church . he would know to go to dc , and daryl and aaron are scouting around that area . 
the reason it did n't explode when he walked over it is because he had n't activated it yet . silly goose 	but when you activate it , it immediately explodes which is plain stupid 
thing is they take up an inventory spot and cost quite a bit . i kind of miss resting to be honest , was pretty convenient . 	you train herb , make money from agility and get something useful for your work , much better than something for no effort . 
nope been looking . it 'd be nice cuz they 'd make more money off of me by sending the card with money then just scamming me . figure get the card turn it into btc get more cards ect . 	yeah where are the fucking good ones at , amirite ? 
the ai got a little better , but until they fix rebel mechanics i 'm not playing . 	what 's wrong with them ? they 're pretty ok right now with the unrest and autonomy system . 
maybe they do ? business owners have done this with the bbb , yet the bbb still have a credible reputation . 	because by and large the bbb serves both businesses and consumers by taking consumer complaints and bringing them to businesses and then following up with how they are handled in the long term . 
you can view the filtered reviews if you choose . 	the average user does n't know they are there and at one point yelp was requiring some captcha like verification to see them . 
keep it simple , lay out the relevant fact without committing anybody to anything they might be uncomfortable with , then split . yup . 	the other key is not to pursue the same target . opie is just after the free ice cream , which he already got . time to bounce and let dad get his . 
yes , i will definitely join !   	what is your skype and email . i ll add you today 
what is your skype . and your email . i will add you today 	sorry for the late reply , but just pm 'ed you ! 
i want to create group for those who want to go over and review mcat concepts online . through skype , google hangouts , or firefox . 	i 'll join . i 'll send you my email in a pm . 
except his boot is red where barry 's is gold . it 's just the reverse theme . 	ah , a shame would have been neat if they went with its barry suit 
why is arrow there ? he is useless . god , i hate him . 	honestly you 're right . rf could kill oliver in a fraction of a second . 
i know this is n't the arrow sub , but , did anyone else notice that ollie is n't in green ? he 's in league robes ? 	i 'm colour blind . i knew they were league robes but i thought they were still green 
milwaukee is starting up a soccer team soon would you like them as you affiliate ?   	i would n't like anyone that is outside the chicagoland area . 
i 'm picturing the ball coming up to you , growing arms , and punching you in the face . am i correct ? 	i wish lol . the ball was kicked point blank to my face playing soccer in pe . it was an accident . i woke up as soon as i hit the ground . 
if you change your windows size to be 800x600 then run the game , once it runs it will save a . ini file i believe which will then let you alt and tab out to change your res back . 	did n't work but thanks anyway .   
if they made it only packed players have this option then it would limit which players gets these boosts and make ea some money by causing more pack openings . hire me ea . 	the max potential cards would sell for millions , because they would be so rare , as it would be very difficult to reach the card 's potential , even if it 's only 2 ovr points more . 
i think instead of making them untradeable they should just be sold at base stats - upgrades you earn do n't go on the market 	that 's a good idea too . either would work for me 
the head teacher thought that i 'm obsessed by some sort of dick devil 	possessed was the word you were looking for ? 
still man , help keep your community clean . even if its pissy and shitty you dont need to go and make it more pissy and shitty . do n't graffiti and do n't litter , man . 	it 's art 
you know how many foods are shaped like dicks ? the best kinds ! 	the head teacher thought that i 'm obsessed by some sort of dick devil 
still man , help keep your community clean . even if its pissy and shitty you dont need to go and make it more pissy and shitty . do n't graffiti and do n't litter , man . 	it is a music and arts festival . also i make it more pissy and shitty by using it how i 'm supposed to . 
i will take it for what it is - a worthless pile of word poop . 	i guess now i have to wipe my word anus . 
makes a certain sense since they 're giving the cloths out to everyone in the crowd . 	ahh , had no idea it was a stadium wide giveaway 
gah ! the rumor that would . not . die .  there is no free screen replacement policy . does n't exist . never did . 	for real ? well i thought it was true . then stick with doing - it - yourself . 
image is so grainy ! is funny to me !  other than that , really nice idea , looks very nice ! 	thanks man , i need to mess around with some camera settings to take care of the grainy sections . 
i need another button press . 	i have 2 alts i made before this . that means i can push the button 3 times if i wanted . so far i have n't pushed it at all . i 'm saving my pushes . 
what do you do for a living ? 	i work at a supermarket , 
your in luck , i do not remember all my old passwords . 	but those accounts that are forgotten and abandoned would n't have unlocked the button ! 
lol at all the people who already pressed the button getting mad at people for pressing the button .  the magic flair falls not for your lies 	i just want everybody to press it now , so they get the satisfaction of pressing and we get to see what happens . 
it 's like a scarlet letter . showing all of reddit that you are dirty button pushers . 	it does n't look like i have a flair for some reason . 
lol at all the people who already pressed the button getting mad at people for pressing the button .  the magic flair falls not for your lies 	can you only push it once ? 
maybe people that visited this subreddit but did not press ? 	to get the flair , you have to unlock the button . otherwise , no flair . 
just remember what time you clicked the button , then set your clock back to a minute before then . infinite clicks . 	well time in the past is not infinite . limited further by how short of a time we 've counted . 
can also be the person with the least time left when pressed . 	yah i 'm trying for a low number for my flair . haha 
or , perhaps the timer is rigged . perhaps the results are randomly generated and do n't correlate to any user input , and is designed merely to drive us insane . 	good point . 
he has flair now . it is marked at non presser . eat it presser scum . 	shhhhhhh . we have to push the button . that is what i was sent here for , jack . 
how do you guys not have either flair ?   	we did n't press the button . 
eh it 's not bad 	good , do n't work at a job you hate . 
i 'm good really just got home from work 	what do you do for a living ? 
i have 2 alts i made before this . that means i can push the button 3 times if i wanted . so far i have n't pushed it at all . i 'm saving my pushes . 	i 'm going to try to get a low number on one of my alts and then keep my main account gray . 
flair are you all just activating flair in replies ? 	flare edit : i did n't have flair , then i unlocked the button , now i have flair . in hindsight this could have been caused either by commenting or unlocking the button . 
human curiosity will probably mean this timer will never end . however you could also argue that curiosity is why it will . 	it has to end , though . there are only a set amount of accounts created before today , so eventually everyone will have either clicked it or not . 
we did n't press the button . 	but you should have a non - presser flair , no ?  ninja edit : shit , i do n't either .  ninja ninja edit : well now i do . i 'm confused . 
i work at a supermarket , 	bagger or do you work in the back stocking ? 
i just want everybody to press it now , so they get the satisfaction of pressing and we get to see what happens . 	misery loves company , eh ? 
haha , nice . 	hey you were at the meet up ! noice 
all rails do . when they derail goes east . 	it does n't happen for players , however . players are ejected to the north west corner , assuming it is available . 
man that really sucks . i wanna play isaac on the go , but i do n't want to buy a whole new system for it . 	you do n't buy a whole new system for one game . you buy it for the upgrades and other games . like xenoblade . and the insanely faster speeds . and the camera nub . love the camera nub . 
get monster hunter 4u with it - it 's pretty amazing 	one of us , one of us ! join in on the hunt , brother ! 
oh man , so for my fellow non - soccer loving americans manchester united and manchester city are two separate teams . 	i 'm a man utd fan . i feel like smacking the guy in the head . 
it looks like you 'll have to bleach it again - but at least your hair is a really pretty blonde in the meantime ! 	thanks : 3  yeah , my hair is naturally very dark brown . it 's hard to lighten it that far . luckily my hair still feels good enough to bleach again . 
oh man , a few years ago i made almost the exact same thing . mason jar with the awesome slurpee straw . 	nice dude ! guess i 'm not the only one who saw the potential of the metal slurpee straw haha ! 
it 's always been here but they changed the te 's route 	the changes the wr1 route . he used to run a little out route instead of a curl 
well the ball went out of bounds and ref missed it , so not sure how you can put it up higher . 	missed calls happen all the time . it was a smart , great - effort play . 
morris hustle play ranked way too low . 	well the ball went out of bounds and ref missed it , so not sure how you can put it up higher . 
hopefully if it were to be implemented it would n't turn out like garrisons in wow . 	i 'm out of the loop . what mistakes did they make with those ? 
it depends on the game . i know in watch dogs you can have both plugged it , and use either . but it depends on the game , so you 'll have to wait and see . 	thanks ! keeping my fingers crossed for gta5 . driving with a keyboard and mouse is garbage imo 
it 's almost like humans are some kind of animal , and not the other way around . 	phew , good to that animals are n't some type of human 
not clicking that after the jumpscare . 	clicked on it . it 's a real link . 
do you have voice chat when playing with them ? or you just communicate via in - game chat ? 	just in game . i do n't want to have to repeat myself or sound like a complete goof ball all day . i can just type it and they can take their time or reread it . 
how could anyone not be a watch fanboy . gay or not , that kid is sexy 	lol . i have a signed hat by him , we 've talked a few times and i have a picture too , no homo . 
pool party mom .  wait , no . 	this took a turn for the awkward . 
it starts with the letter b and ends with a vowel lol . all of my students on the team are bronze . 	do you have voice chat when playing with them ? or you just communicate via in - game chat ? 
thanks ! i appreciate that . you read all eight of them ? there are thirty planned so far , but i am not sure just yet . which one is your favorite ? 	the second one where the boy says he is the best lol player of his table , loved it ! 
man everytime i see comic at the start of a post on the front page i know its my favourite teacher from korea . keep up the good work 	haha , thanks a lot . i appreciate it . 
haha , i do love the feel of that one . it was even funnier in person though . 	i can imagine xd does the majority of your students play league ? 
the second one where the boy says he is the best lol player of his table , loved it ! 	haha , i do love the feel of that one . it was even funnier in person though . 
did n't know gmb is your student xd 	school would be a more interesting place if that were so . 
full metal mom . 	hidden passive : zilean ult does n't work and instead summons something that looks like yorick 's ghouls 
didnt think about that yea league was just getting started around then . i wonder how popular league is in the higher grades now 	it is rather popular . i have a few viewers that are high school students . i get asked to play games at pc bangs randoms from time to time too . 
i 'm ashamed that an elementary school student got to gold before i got out of bronze 5 	brace yourself , one just platinum 5 . with time and practice you can climb too . 
are you korean ? if not , how did you get this job ? i 'm bored doing data analytics and need a change . 	i 'm not korean , not even asian . i was recommended this by my uni prof and then i just googled until i found what i wanted lol . 
you play league with your students outside of school ? or am i reading this comic wrong ? 	yes , i do play league with them from time to time . we have a ranked 5s team too ! 
his rank begins with a b and ends with a vowel , so it 's super vague . we only know that it 's bronze but it can be any division other than 4 . 	i do n't think he was even talking about division . he is just saying bronze . that is why i think its odd to bring in divisions . 
as maybe the only straight man on this sub , i too have a dream that one day my future wife and i will watch housewives while she folds laundry . 	lol he actually does n't like when i watch them because he gets too into them ! they suck you in . he gets stressed and mad . 
i do n't blame her though , i wanted to scream at kim like that too , so so so badly . 	oh my god i know , i practically do that from my house watching the show . but i do n't think shouting gets anywhere really 
oh my god i know , i practically do that from my house watching the show . but i do n't think shouting gets anywhere really 	and poor kyle , i can not imagine having kim as a sister and holding kathy over the top of kyle 's head saying she 's a better sister , who the hell says that ! 
well i messed up - no wine . i 'm thinking kicking moscow mule . 	yum ! i always want to make that but forget to pick up ginger beer at the store . cheers ! 
the beast insult needs to go down in rh history . i do n't know why but it slays me every time i hear it . 	my favorite line on rh ever . 
i feel like if kim were in any kind of program she would n't be a horrible person . is n't one of the 12 steps apologizing for everyone you 've ever wronged ? 	if she was working the program , her sponsor almost definitely would not be tolerating this denial behavior . addicts in the program are hardest on each other because they know all the games . 
i feel like if kim were in any kind of program she would n't be a horrible person . is n't one of the 12 steps apologizing for everyone you 've ever wronged ? 	she is guaranteed to relapse if she continues this behavior . there 's no doubt . 
as maybe the only straight man on this sub , i too have a dream that one day my future wife and i will watch housewives while she folds laundry . 	i need a husband ! 
lol , i just threw up a little in my mouth . 	you love it . shes so messy boots , its a fucking joy to watch . 
you ca n't update to ios 8 . 1 . 2 right now as it is n't signed and also it will be slower on newer ios versions 	is it possible to restore to ios 7 . 0 . 4 ? 
k , maybe she has never cared to use a grinder , but if she 's been smoking for that long there 's literally no way she has never heard of a grinder . 	she said she never heard of it . she lives in deep south tho . they are all paranoid 
shit . winter just ended and we 're already on to tornado season . 	well yeah tornado season is typically in that transition from winter to summer called spring . 
and you do n't even have to bring it to your face . you can simply tap the face of the watch and get the same notification , but much more subtly . 	exactly . that scene in a meeting was so cringeworthy . 
what 's the story of that ridiculous studded cuff he constantly wears ? it showed up in his review and i feel like it 's been making appearances for years . 	the guy who made the wanker joke was on him about it too , haha . 
what 's the story of that ridiculous studded cuff he constantly wears ? it showed up in his review and i feel like it 's been making appearances for years . 	i cringed hard when he wore that to the office and the bar . high - school emo much ? 
i feel like we have n't had game changer packs in a while , and i have no idea what the topper could be . maybe it could be a random flashback player . 	sounds reasonable . i do n't mind the pack , but want the topper to be good so prices drop haha 
you 'll be fine . just fucking download it . hbo even said they do n't really care about the pirating . 	my dmca notices would beg to differ . i 'll never torrent jon oliver again . 
that 's what i thought .  thank you ! 	no problem !  just eagerly waiting at this point . 
yay ! we can be adorable together ! 	hooray ! kitty pile ! : 3c 
when i have payment , i 'll forward you the email with the two codes . 	sure , i send it already . 
130 ? not clears , not backlit . the pok3r starts at 120 . i honestly think the price is much too high . 	agreed . plus it 's not even a current gen poker anymore . 105 - 110 shipped sounds fair 
he would just complain about not getting preferential treatment and say that the ihop was anti - worker . you would be lucky to even get your pancakes . 	his side of the story seemed more believable . the truth is probably somewhere in the middle . 
is he making music any more ? 	i heard he was working with bassnectar last time i heard . 
keep acting all edgy . i bet you cant impress your 12 year old friends . 	yes , maybe i will as long as you will keep commenting with that high quality and the insulting purpose .  do you want to be my friend ? you seem to have the optimal age .   
like i do n't already have enough trouble sleeping . i would die . i would literally die . 	i feel you , my sleep is whack as it is . no room to add a kid to that and i do n't want to find out what that would do to me . 
honestly . i ca n't even play the game anymore , the feature creep is so bad . 	careful with that user name , or we 'll get a sunrise invasion dlc to complement the sunset invasion . because who would n't want another 1000 provinces ? 
nah , another brick part 3 	another brick in the wall part 3 is good but only really works in the context of the whole album , the wall . if you have ever listened to it by itself it ends very abruptly . 
interviewing for a lead position today . but i 'm not letting a silly thing like that get in front of my potential acquisition of ddd and ike 	i know right ? i mean , they will still need someone to fill that position , but you might end up with no amiibo ! that would be unacceptable 
maybe it is the seed i am on or something . not sure what the deal is . 	are you playing random gem ? the static map does n't have them . 
if we end up in florida , we 'll make sure to post here again . we plan to keep this up until may 8th ! 	well , it 's about a three to four day trip to idaho . it 'd sure be fun though . good luck ! 
too bad , that guerrero homer was awesome though . i know games against other teams count just as much but i ca n't help but wish greinke was starting tomorrow so we can avoid the sweep . ugh . 	we 'll clean em out next week . 
i think blanco would be out so 1st and 2nd with 2 outs . 	and the fly ball would have ended the inning . 
i hate your team , but you deserved better . that play by roberto kelly was super illegal . if the shoe was on the other foot i 'd be fucking pissed . 	it 's not possible to play under protest ex post facto is it ? 
re : the play at third , it really seemed like the runner ran into the third base coach , rather than him stopping the runner . 	the couch stayed in his way and intentionally blocked him from over running the bag . 
we lost but the game was exciting . we 'll get them tomorrow , boys . i love la !   	it was a good baseball game . 
so uh , that was an illegal play by their 3b coach , right ? he ran up to the base and physically stopped the runner from advancing . then that runner scored and won the game . 	yep . it was on video replay too ! 
but did kelly really actively touch blanco , or did blanco overrun and touch kelly ? i think the latter was how it happened . 	does n't matter . why is the coach in the runner 's way ? it 's interfering with the play . 
my internet went out for the past 10 minutes , what the hell happened 	yea mine too ! twc must know i 'm streaming the game in nefarious ways 
did n't really like the lineup hope aj is okay 6 man infield was neat to see as a novelty but we should n't have needed it 	if the ball was hit on the ground it would have been fun to see a double play . 
it 's not possible to play under protest ex post facto is it ? 	i believe it is , but then they basically have to play the game out from that point i think . 
i still like uribe . he 's like the comic relief . no need for a mascot , we got a fat little ball of mediocre ball play with occasional miraculous huge hits . 	i dont mind uribe either as long as his role on the team and alex 's are switched . 
so uh , that was an illegal play by their 3b coach , right ? he ran up to the base and physically stopped the runner from advancing . then that runner scored and won the game . 	did n't watch the game but are serious about a 3b ump stopping a running ? that 's insane . 
yea mine too ! twc must know i 'm streaming the game in nefarious ways 	yeah , me too . i sure as hell get to see a lot of meetings on the mound in eye - bleeding hd , but whenever something exciting happens it cuts out . 
my internet went out for the past 10 minutes , what the hell happened 	we lost . 
i predict a change . org petition to overturn this bullshit play in this bullshit game before tomorrow morning . 	i do hope that when donny passed the home plate ump he let him know that he is protesting the game . 
you know , i never thought of that . alex was a beast kha if i remember properly . 	oh yeah , alex was a freaking monster on kha , hai was good no doubt but he was n't alex when it comes to kha 'zix . 
drove in similarly cold weather while lacking the right gear , just grab on to the tail pipe till your gloves start to smoke ! my hands were nice and warm the rest of the ride home . 	i like to lay down on the tank on the interstate with my left hand directly on the engine . right hand still gets cold so i set the throttle lock occasionally and switch hands . 
really cool comment . it really advanced the world . 	sadly , your comment and mine set it back to where it was before . we blew it , man . 
is cera and eisenberg looking alike some kind of running gag on reddit ? because they look nothing alike . absolutely nothing . two completely different faces . 	yes . it 's because they tend to play the same kind of roles . 
comparing anyone to jared leto is unfair . i 'm starting to think there 's actually benefits to eating healthy and exercising . 	well he 's not just eating healthy , but a healthy plant based diet . pretty sure he 's been proudly vegan for quite a long time . it 's obviously paid off in his appearance 
he 's only 24 and cute as fuck , i 'll call him a boy . 	everyone down votes me , i do n't care . the point is that people treat younger looking people like kids and it 's annoying as fuck . 
comparing anyone to jared leto is unfair . i 'm starting to think there 's actually benefits to eating healthy and exercising . 	it 's actually a trade off for his acting roles , where he must be maimed or killed in them to stave off any harm to his real life . like an offering to the acting gods . 
actually runner - up but yeah . the 2015 competition actually starts tomorrow and he is participating so he could become the world 's strongest man in a couple of days . 	he was runner up but also only squatted with wraps , everyone else used a squat suit 
wow kate upton is the same age as selena gomez . that fucking blew my mind . 	1992 was a good year . 
who is the boy in row 3 , right ? 	he 's not a boy . people look younger and older , no matter their age . that 's the point of this . 
he 's one of the highest paid baseball players in the world , has a pretty good level of fame , and looks pretty damn good if i 'm honest . 	really ? looks good ?  he 's got a good smile , and a massive chin , but from there to looking good , it 's a pretty big leap .  to each his own i guess . 
nick cage also has been said to be immortal . 	no , he 's not immortal , he just cannot be killed by any mortal man . 
you just wrote their next movie ! 	so highlander reboot starring keanu and cage ? ya , i 'd watch that . 
her proportions were those of an 18 year old skinny girl just biding time until she blows up to be an overweight 25 year old . just the normal process of things . 	if you think what kate upton looked like on her si cover was an average skinny girl of her age , you need to stop watching porn and interact with real women . 
but rugged shit that could kick ass in a bar fight . 	lol no looks like hed have a heart attack , is this the american ideal ? 
martin freeman was born at 0 ? 	i see what you did there . i came in to post the exact same thing . upvote for you . 
everyone down votes me , i do n't care . the point is that people treat younger looking people like kids and it 's annoying as fuck . 	i am one of those people and i do n't give a damn . if it bothers you so much then get over it , it 's better to have the extreme of looking younger than the extreme of looking much older . 
wow kate upton is the same age as selena gomez . that fucking blew my mind . 	thank you . i had no idea who the last two were . 
i did n't realize kate upton was so young , 22 . wow . 	i 'm older than kate upton ? shit what am i doing with my life 
i really do n't . it is about guys doing amazing feats of strength . if it requires a squat suit and is allowed , go for it . 	can they use wrist straps on deadlift ? because that is also the same kind of gear cheating 
that 's a kinda weird thing to say out loud . 	honestly , it was a weird thing to type too . 
if you think what kate upton looked like on her si cover was an average skinny girl of her age , you need to stop watching porn and interact with real women . 	i said that her proportions indicated that she would be a heavier set woman . 
wait they were born the same year as me ? shit , and i 'm just sitting in bed eating wendy 's . 	did you ask for barbecue sauce ? makes the meal . 
1992 was a good year . 	i 'm that age and look like a fucking child compared to kate upton . 
he 's not a boy . people look younger and older , no matter their age . that 's the point of this . 	he 's not a boy . he just sold his soul to stay in the body of one . 
hey janis , i like your wig , what 's it made of ? 	your mother 's chest hair ! 
i know apple are looking for at - home advisors . 	researched this a bit , it seems perfect for me ! i am going to apply asap ! do you work there ? any tips ? 
it 's tough once you 've gotten used to the saturation . basic looks so dull . i did n't even realize this was an option though . looks much better in basic . 	especially with the default blue theme , the colour almost seems washed out by comparison . 
oh no , i was just saying that it highlighted the start contrast . though i hear urban is the current fan favourite theme . 	i 'll check it out . i wonder how it looks on basic . 
that looks like a little fighting machine ! 	i know , right ? i just want to chill out and do space things , but apparently i 'm going to be fighting . watch out reavers ! 
i know , right ? i just want to chill out and do space things , but apparently i 'm going to be fighting . watch out reavers ! 	hey gotta defend yourself out there in the black . one minute you 're chilling and minding your own business and the next people are coming to eat your face ! 
there might be some green in between the rolls . definitely not good though . 	yeah , that 's algae . 
is her dandruff itchy or is her poop soft ? 	she does n't seem to notice her dandruff , and it 's not bad . but her fur is almost all black , so it can be really obvious . her poop is soft sometimes . 
hand ? 	auto - correct from when i was on my phone , i meant game , haha . 
comment on shit online . 	yeah , people look so stupid when they comment on shit . 
odd , shopping is referred to as 'the messages 'in parts of scotland too .  source : a couple of decades living there . 	edinburgh is mostly blow ins and only one of my flat mates was actually scottish . 
it all depends on the offset of the wheel , you would have to start hunting around on challenger specific forums , we do n't do too much modifying . 	ok thanks , ill check those out 
completely un - needed to run premium , the engine will have no performance gains off of anything above 87 octane . the compression ratio is 10 . 5 : 1 which can handle 87 without any detonation . 	thanks . your ama has resulted in signing on a '15 compass latitude for the wife . she is super happy and promising me anal now .  bro - five . 
i 'm sure they 'll walk it off . 	no , they would be on their toes to just to keep their head up above the sewage water . 
irrelevant . the limb was severed regardless . if my leg fell off , feel free to burn it , eat it , throw it away , have sex with it , whatever . i wo n't be capable of feeling it 	it 's medical fucking waste , there are proper processes to dispose of it . 
you are a horrible person . i hope you realize this .  i 'm sure you disagree and refuse to believe it , but that 's precisely why you are so awful . 	please help educate me . why am i a horrible person ? i 'm willing to listen to what you have to say . 
they really stuck their foot in their mouth on this one . 	i 'm sure they 'll walk it off . 
as far as we know , the base that gonzalez is using is just a regular air craft carrier . 	it 's been explicitly referred to as an aircraft carrier many times on the show . it 's not definitely not the helicarrier . 
i 'm pretty sure that the records of coulson 's resurrection were explicitly not in shield 's files . they were on the flash drive that may dug out of coulson 's false grave . 	yeah , and no one in the government who is working with coulson 's shield or hydra , ever happen to write down or mention his name anywhere .  time has passed since the initial information leak . 
who said it is to train enhanced people there was only two people with powers . the rest were just random agents with no powers . 	well they now know there are other ways to get powers ala inhumans so who knows who they might run into . 
interesting , i could have sworn i saw coulson in there . maybe from the last avengers film . 	most likely from other films coulson was a part of but unlikely from the show itself . 
these wiimote users desperately need a patch to fix themselves and their control preference . but for real , i feel you guys . 	i got used to a wiimote because nobody i know is going to shell out for pro controllers and only one person can use the gamepad . i do n't see why everybody is acting as if this is crazy . 
works fine on the gamepad and pro controllers . i see no issue . 	i thought the same thing at first , because i mostly play by myself . but for multiplayer , who is going to buy 3 pro controllers ? 
i thought the same thing at first , because i mostly play by myself . but for multiplayer , who is going to buy 3 pro controllers ? 	have three pro controllers .  they 're not exactly the most expensive accessory .  would be great if they added gc controller support now we can play them in but eh . 
these wiimote users desperately need a patch to fix themselves and their control preference . but for real , i feel you guys . 	as someone who 's about to have company tomorrow and only has a gamepad and two wii remotes , 200cc is n't viable . 
i just bought the lego batman tumbler - it 's my reward for finishing up the semester , i ca n't wait to build it 	the tumbler is so badass ! i bought it with my tax return , definitely worth it . 
what do you think of the blueberries and cream ? 	its really good but i found that i get flavor fatigue really fast . probably because is just a nice mellow vape . but i just switch to a bakery or cinnamon flavor briefly and then just switch back 
god , i love this song .  ever play saint 's row 3 ? 	i have demolished the saint 's row series , actually working on a video about that due up at the end of the month 
sending a baby 's heartbeat to a family member who could n't be at the birth of said child is creepy ? 	i think he may be referring to your original post , now that he fully understands . 
it 's a wedding photo 	and it looks like a fucking 18 year old decided to dress himself .  i repeat , this is no alpha . 
i want that hat .   	i 'll never get rid of it . i 've had it for so long . i still wear it . haha . 
i 've dated teachers of young children . they are without fail absolutely insane , in a fun - to - date - but - jesus - fuck - do n't - ever - marry way . 	pretty much , considering how fucking easy it is to become a pre - k teacher , it 's unlikely they 're functional at much else anyway . 
my apartment spiders and i have a symbiotic relationship . 	same here . they stay out of the shower and my bedroom and i do n't evict them . 
pretty much , considering how fucking easy it is to become a pre - k teacher , it 's unlikely they 're functional at much else anyway . 	i used to flat with a pre - k teacher - she used to come home at lunch time and smoke weed and watch porn . 
when they stood me up at the bar for my birthday . they invited me to go out when i did n't even want to . 	wow , them are some bitches . 
this actually is n't mine . i just saw that an x - box with kinect was being sold for a price of a regular x - box so i decided to share to the community . it 's a steal ! 	this is n't the place for ebay posts for used items . 
yea , unfortunately it was only 1 i bought tho . the other got hijacked by some kid , didnt bother to report it tho . _ : 	was it the stat ak you bought ? also would like to make a post like this but i 'll feel bad declining most of the offers ; _ ; 
butcher 's knife is arguably one of the best weapons in the game and it can be buffed . 	idc for it i just want a sorcery weapon like a staff sorcerers use spells majority of the time and can attack with a staff making the staff a primary weapon . 
splinter twin 's worst matchup is junk , and even that is a pretty close matchup . twin is probably the way to go . 	in particular , wilt leaf abzan is practically un - winnable 
i will kill 2 animals for everyone that you do n't kill . 	oh shit . well , i guess i 'll slaughter every single animal i see . does that make me a good person ? 
i just started playing destiny before xur sold icebreaker for the first time and i was pissed off i did n't buy so so when he sold it the second time , i was happy as a mofo . 	that was a good day for all of us . i already dismantled 5 more by then , but seeing everyone so happy was great . 
that was a good day for all of us . i already dismantled 5 more by then , but seeing everyone so happy was great . 	wish i had the coins to buy 3 ib 's at the time , it 's the only gun i constantly switch between all 3 characters . 
wow good answer . mine is best : someone to share life experiences with . worst : living in fear we will break up 	that 's another powerful fear . it can end up being a self - fulfilling prophecy by adjusting your behavior to the point you mess the relationship up . 
i just barely get home around that time , so i should be able to reserve my post by then . time to fill this sub up with more jojo . 	i 'd say stay out of my territory but we 're on the same side here , i think . 
if we reserve a character of the week , could we still work with someone else on a team of the month ? 	collabs , trades or slot gifting is totally fine for any of the above . this is purely for slot reservation and trying to make it as fair as possible . 
i love harden and ariza but fuck howard and terry .  those are 2 of the only nba players i absolutely cannot stand , 	you gotta have terry on your team to understand him . 
not every team has the luxury of the best pg on the game and a beast pf . we would probably be more interesting if dmo got to show some of his post moves on national tv . 	yeah , all the rockets have is the best sg in the game and one of the best cs . there 's no way they could play entertaining basketball . 
seriously . playing them has been so fucking boring , it 's the same repeated offence over and over 	not every team has the luxury of the best pg on the game and a beast pf . we would probably be more interesting if dmo got to show some of his post moves on national tv . 
yeah , all the rockets have is the best sg in the game and one of the best cs . there 's no way they could play entertaining basketball . 	entertaining is very subjective though . how exactly do you feel the rockets should play to entertain you ? 
it 's not free . mana leech on hot is free . 	that 's true , but the point of it being called free was probably because it is extremely cheap . 
i 've wondered that about your mom , too . 	you should know by now , it 's because we had her stuffed and mounted . my dad told you this the last time you tried to hump her . 
good shit costs good money , mayne 	i keep on putting off buying the death star set because i know i wo n't have the time to put it together .  looks incredible though . 
you may also want to consider reaching out to the con , they may be able to help you with scouting out a good location to set up in , etc . 	that 's the plan ! thanks for the tip ! 
you should invest in one of those small cooling packs you can wear while cosplaying or perhaps those backpacks with a built in storage container for cold water so you can stay hydrated . 	yeah , designing it to have plenty of airflow . good tip on the water pack , ill have to make sure i have room for one . 
depression is typically a lifelong illness . does this mean a depressed person can never make his or her own medical decisions ? 	i was diagnosed with major depressive disorder when i was younger .  i am not depressed anymore . sure , i guess i am more at risk than someone who never had a depression but i 'm doing fine . 
you can substitute 11 for 1 and 12 for 3 . 11 and 12 are pretty nice remakes that can be emulated or purchased relatively easily . 	is 11 and 12 on the e - shop for the 3ds ? 
is 11 and 12 on the e - shop for the 3ds ? 	nope , but you can buy 11 for about 15 bucks on ebay . 12 was never brought to the west , so you 'd have to emulate it . 
our non con has been stacked for the past few years , the last thing we should be getting is grief about who we schedule . 	yeah but we did n't schedule wichita state as soon as they became good again so obviously we 're arrogant assholes who refuse to play good mid majors 
this is going to be fun . we should play more often 	been waiting for this game since 1999 . just wish we did n't time it while our program is in shambles . oh well bring it on kitty cats . 
it 's really too bad sdsu ca n't be accepted into the pac - 12 , 2 games against you guys every year would be awesome . 	we do n't even play 2 games against ucla every year , which the conference has gotten tons of flack over lately . 
you talk to your awesome friend that you lent your multi thousand dollar vehicle to . that 's it . if he chooses to continue to ignore you , sue him for the value of the car 	how long should i wait before i take legal action ? i mean at this point i have absolutely no information on the car 's location or anything and it has been over a week since last contact . 
anyone else kind of pissed that live video is n't starting until 2pm pdt ? that will be right around the time they crest hamilton . we 'll miss the whole climb ! 	yes . also pissed there 's only one day with a mtn finish . 
and the people choosing to be trans to be quirky hate people who legitimately believe they were born into the wrong bodies why ? 	they do n't acknowledge the people who are n't actually transgender as being transgender . 
it 's funny because she actually believes that sjw 's own businesses or , let alone , have a job . 	how can they be expected to work with all those mental illnesses ? 
are you buying it mostly for use on the stage ? if so look at the godin . it has a good acoustic sound when plugged in . 	a lot of stage use , yeah . but i 'm not sold on the godin a8 acoustic sound for jams . also , a little out of my price range . 
plz golden state . sincerely , europeans 	on behalf of america 's europe , you 're welcome in advance . 
it also looks like a cute dog if you turn it upside down . bonus ! 	clever , indeed . i 'm sitting here wondering how anyone could figure that out , though . 
i 'm scheduled for an exam at east west bank on monday . what should i wear ? smart casual ? corporate ? 	it 's a bank so go for corporate . always for financial institutions ! 
i do this too when riding the bus going home from work . it 's amazing how diverse life can be when you think about it . 	there 's also the sad part . when you see people doing harm in spite of everything . but eh , human nature i guess . 
random thought . we encounter dozens of people every time we commute . am i the only one amazed at how diverse and different these people 's lives are ? 	i do this too when riding the bus going home from work . it 's amazing how diverse life can be when you think about it . 
this is really fascinating . is there a more expensive version with more ram ? i 'd be interested in buying one just to play with since i have very limited experience with android . 	you should see if you can pickup a xiaomi phone , really good bang for buck . 
this is like one of those horror films where two people are grappling on top of a skyscraper only to plunge to a tragic and unnecessary death . 	fighting over the box with the doomsday device , when really the box was a fake all along .   
do n't listen to that asshat . type help and hit enter and you 'll get a list of the available commands . 	lol i figured , i was just playing along with his joke , but kudos for being a nice person 
from what i understand low - end chinese android phones are loaded with os - level spyware . of course that 's just anecdotal , but it 's what i 've heard . 	that just makes that phone even more impressive . that it 's able to even run . 
i guess shills is just what you call people who do n't agree with you , right ? 	nope . they were refusing to accept any flaws pointed out about a shitty router . that 's shilling . 
virgin does n't do contracts . 	p - please tell me they ship overseas , somehow , because of some weird fucking magic . 
is there more cool stuff that can be done using the firefox terminal ? 	unfortunately no . it 's just there for the screenshot thing . 
from what i understand low - end chinese android phones are loaded with os - level spyware . of course that 's just anecdotal , but it 's what i 've heard . 	i think he means nsa spying is a lot easier with smartphones . 
great video man , helpful stuff 	thanks ! happy you enjoyed it . have you quit gaming yet or still thinking about it ? 
the day you use it , you need to get a bunch of glow sticks from the dollar store and dump in there so it 'll float around all eerie in the fluid . 	yes thats the plan ! i just next to waterproof it with some gloss and then i can fill the jar with a green died liquid 
not trying to sound mean , but would you even know if someone 's body is fake ? 	fake tits ? yea those are easy to see . fake lips ? easy to see . fake butt probably not .  some things you wouldnt know unless they said . but some things are obvious 
more wire colors - it would make such a huge difference having even one additional color , let alone many additional colors . 	yes ! but all those extra wrenches though , no thank you . there needs to be perhaps a craftable all - in - one tool with some sort of wire selection interface . 
this !  i also wish there were craftable backpacks that increase inventory space . 	you could always carry around a safe and piggy bank . but i would still like to see a backpack type accessory . 
to add to that , bigger oceans that you can sail across . maybe have it loop round to the other side of your world . 	and then maybe if you make it out of a metal e . g . iron maybe submarines ? 
more wire colors - it would make such a huge difference having even one additional color , let alone many additional colors . 	it 's also hard to see the wiring easily . i made a post a few months back with the idea of different colored goggles that only show one wire color on the screen at a time . 
more wire colors - it would make such a huge difference having even one additional color , let alone many additional colors . 	to be fair , we said the exact same thing when we only had one color 
check the tradable filter , and then the key filter . proceed to count . 	thanks man , i was unaware that filter existed . 
all you have to do is press the right buttons . 	isnt it crazy to think that there is some sequence of button presses that could make you a millionaire in like five days or less ? just hard to find that sequence i guess 
usually at least a week . 	is that how long it took you ? i guess that will work . 
why do people put the case next to them ? why not have more room on the desk and put it on the floor ? 	it 's not good to put it on carpet 
i understand this completely . i just think the current system does n't fit within the idea of the game , that 's all . i 'm still going to play it and i 'm going to enjoy every moment of it . 	good to hear . 
zero word on that . it has been stated that the portals wo n't allow you to bring a ship , but we are n't even sure what is at the center of the galaxy . 	i 'd imagine the center is some sort of portal , which leads me the think we probably wo n't get to bring our ships through . i guess we really wo n't know for sure until we get there . 
thank you for understanding how to disagree without being an ass . i appreciate your input ! and that 's a very good point about mods . 	and a thing to remember : they ca n't make a game that fits everyone . there will probably be some things that does n't suit me either . 
i 'd imagine the center is some sort of portal , which leads me the think we probably wo n't get to bring our ships through . i guess we really wo n't know for sure until we get there . 	yeah i think you are right . it 's the only thing that makes sense since he said we all start in the same galaxy but there are multiple galaxies . 
has there been any word on that ? as far as i know , it has n't been stated if we can bring our ships through the center . 	zero word on that . it has been stated that the portals wo n't allow you to bring a ship , but we are n't even sure what is at the center of the galaxy . 
bad choice of flair , mods 	eh , i found it humorous .   
i 'm feeling you op ; i 'd rather have one ship that i just upgrade and customize to my hearts desire than swapping generic ships every so often . 	glad to see i 'm not the only one that feels this way . 
and a thing to remember : they ca n't make a game that fits everyone . there will probably be some things that does n't suit me either . 	i understand this completely . i just think the current system does n't fit within the idea of the game , that 's all . i 'm still going to play it and i 'm going to enjoy every moment of it . 
wow . all the racists came out tonight . nice . 	i think you 're the one that is fucking racist 
gangster rap ! well that 's my working out music but not when i wake up and typing with one eye open haha anyway is n't it morning there ? 	i would consider it to be hip - hop music . yeah 10 : 30am 
yeh it does ! the thing is that everyone else ca n't understand that you are vey sad if you 're no crying . 	i know ! for some reason i find it very difficult to cry and the last time i cried was years ago . yet i still feel extremely sad , like i should be crying , but nothing comes out . 
i would love to cry honestly , my feelings are just fucking dead 	except for you know , pain , physical pain . 
no , just this was the only place viable to post it . lmao dw ban me if you want to , just showing you the truth about your unimaginative idol . 	idol ? so you 're saying im a fanboy ? well , no one cares he copies anyone here . so how about you gtfo because no one cares . ya ya im a fanboy n shit , whatever . 
i agree . the mods are being tyrannical . nobody wants them anyway . 	i do . so your blanket statement is incorrect . 
that 's fine . 	cool i 'm online . i 'll pm you the magmar proof . 
i went to the same school and this was at night so there were no kids and we would always clean up after ourselves . 	so what ? why would you even think of doing it in the kindergarten ? 
if i understand correctly , it sounds more like a playground than a school room . so maybe the playground at a school or a park or something else of the type . 	and that changes what ? drinking in a kindergarten playground is not something that would pop into my head in a hurry . 
the campground is run by snow valley . it seems like he gave you the answer 	yeah he told me to call the ski hill that 's why i 'm asking .  maybe i 'll just have to go and see what happens 
yeah aerospace is interesting but i did debate computer science for a while then i realized i want to see space exploration advance and that 's how i decided . 	minor in cs , or at least learn to program at some point . you 'll be a lot more useful to your potential employers . 
i 'm pretty damn sure the shortest title reign would be one of those 24 hour hardcore title defenses . not sure which one though .  edit : see wrestlemania 2000 	yeah , a lot of those were less than a minute long . 
roommate is a hawks fan so i gotta go with chi town . 	hawks played so well , im disappointed as a ducks fan they played like dog shit 
lava hounds are already strong enough . 	not really , they 're supposed to be a tank . there strength comes after the hound has died . lava pups spawn and are quite strong . 
that 'll look great with my 5 . 11 tactical kilt ! 	gotta be classy , even in the field 
are you saying they wo n't print better lands than shocks ? 	it 's a dual land with only slight downside . of course they wo n't . 
are you saying they wo n't print better lands than shocks ? 	it 's a dual land with only slight downside . of course they wo n't . 
vivi and bon clay are the 2 i got wrong . 	who is your prediction for the next straw hat ? 
i personally did n't believe it ; there could n't be two long - noses in the crew . there will be only one . 	but his long - nose is square and usopp was leaving the crew before the big reveal ! 
it 's really expensive , and the out - of - state distributor has to cooperate , but you can order alcohol from out of state , have it delivered to an abc store to be taxed , and then pick it up 	neat . til .  think i 'll keep shopping in atl though . cheaper and easier . 
obligatory highland package mention - although their prices are a bit steep . 	dude , they have beer in there that 's over two years past it 's best - by date . gross . 
you pay for the privilege to play a copy of their game . read the tos and terms you accept every time you use the product . 	i 'm sure that 'll hold up in court . 
no loss . we can live without dead or alive . 	i am now aware this game exists . 
so , where do i download the naked mod ? it 's for uh research purposes also where is the 1 handed controls mod ? i 'm going to be disabled for a few hours 	1 handed ? need a mod to use my feet because dis gon b 2 handed 
and see from your history you just troll around being a know - it - all , insulting people and picking fights . what a tool . 	maybe i do n't let slide retarded shit like what 's coming from your account . just because you have a low intellect does n't make it acceptable or tolerable . 
i did n't pay for them , i rushed floors to find all of my combo potions . but , yes i do have them all 	like you 've paid the fee at the shop for them after you found the recipe ? it 's been about 2 months since i paid for the last one and the maw has n't given me any more since then . 
no a guy on facebook built it and is moving or something and needs some cash ? 	i would build a custom one if i were you . i can understand though if you get it to help someone out . 
instantaneous movement . its what the supreme kai uses . 	goku uses his new supreme intelligence to learn im from the supreme kai . drops him off near a red sun , superman loses his power and goku kicks him into the sun . 
well goku noted that after his regeneration , cell has used up a lot of energy .  gohan though goku and cell were good no easy 	yeah , but that 's because it took up a chunk of energy to regenerate , not because he was fighting so hard .   
goku is in a vacuum and that shit hurts pretty much immediately . not to mention he knows pretty much nothing about superman and is arguably slower . 	goku may not be as strong as superman but he 's pretty tough . i bet he can withstand space for a while . and if he 's powered up his intelligence he 'd learn about him pretty quickly . 
he 's probably capable of holding his breath for a long time 	lack of air is n't the only thing that happens to you in a vacuum 
that 's true . but he never learned it . i 'd say the intelligence would give him the idea to go and learn it , not the ability to learn it . 	we do n't know for sure if he does n't know it . he 's capable of learning techniques after having seen it once . perhaps it has some flaw that makes it better . 
really ronin ? he 's not calling you stupid , he 's saying that in the eyes of the saiyans you are stupid . 	maybe i read that wrong , but it seemed hostile to me . 
here is some solid advice . thank you , and i will try to follow it with the best of my abilities . if i could give you gold i would . 	just make your life work for you , not against you and i will be happy ! 
you need to distance yourself from both of these people . he is not a friend and she does n't sound like trustworthy girlfriend material . 	here is some solid advice . thank you , and i will try to follow it with the best of my abilities . if i could give you gold i would . 
since growlithe has a bad female ratio could you trade a sneasel and zubat for one ? 	deal . but i 'll need some time to breed zubat . 
holy crap . did you guys see the news on the crawl about the egyptian game ? 	what happened ? 
lol he led the team in goals in the gold cup but ok .  haters gonna hate . it 's really that simple . 	the 2011 gold cup . when he blew a chance in the group stages against panama . not 2013 when he racked up all his goals against cuba and belize . 
half an hour is n't enough to figure out jones and shea in the back line 	last week was n't the first time jones played cb . 
the way we 've been playing , the l and r backs function as wingers , with shea and yedlin pacing down the sidelines . 	that was because they had a 3 man backline in a 3 - 5 - 2 . now they 're in a 4 - 5 - 1 with 4 at the back . 
he played the last ball directly into the middle of the box , nobody got on the end of it . 	he played it to no one , he had runners open and he missed them , at this level you ca n't just put it into the middle of the box and hope someone is there . 
i 'm afraid that jk just does n't rate nguyen for some reason . 	he played 45 min against chile and flat out sucked . 
won the last game 5 - 0 . currently winning 2 - 1 	pick it up dude . you seriously allowed a goal ? 
motherfuckers skipping leg day . do n't know what they expect . 	one does not simply skip leg day source : former speed skater 
did he really ? it looked like he completely whiffed his shot and then attempted to cross it but fucked that up horribly . 	eh . hit the defender on its way to him causing him to mis - hit it , then he recovered and put a decent ball back across that a defender deflected again . not great but not bad either . 
pick it up dude . you seriously allowed a goal ? 	yeah i could n't clear the ball 
ah . for some reason i forgot he was mainly a sub then . so used to seeing him start , both in seattle and in the last couple friendlies . 	it 's easy to forget he was a sub , especially because he had such a large impact on the game . 
if a player kicks it far into the stands , can the fan who gets the ball keep it ? 	no , in general you throw it back 
haha yeah fuck quinoa . 	for real though . shit 's gross . 
my god i just realized how beautiful that weather looks in california . i have n't seen sun or grass or anything green for a solid 3 weeks now . 	sunny and 77 here in texas today as well . broke out some shorts and opened all the windows 
does anyone have a decent non - first row stream ? 	first row became utterly useless for me when they started requiring you to disable adblock . you ca n't even watch a video without adblock on that site . 
did n't wanna see wondo this game . i just do n't see him in the us future 	he 'll be on the gold cup roster . 
the lengths you go through to be a douche bag on here is pretty astounding . we get it , you do n't like nguyen . just shut the fuck up about it . 	oh boy , badass over here . told me to shut the fuck up about it ! 
it 's usually the case for these friendlies . probably do n't have the nice hd equipment out for this one . 	or regular season mls games for that matter . 
if a player kicks it far into the stands , can the fan who gets the ball keep it ? 	nah , and if they try the stadium sends someone to get it . 
jesus christ the lengths people go through to protect their poster boy . 	the lengths you go through to be a douche bag on here is pretty astounding . we get it , you do n't like nguyen . just shut the fuck up about it . 
at this level if you put it into the middle of the box somebody has to be there . 	maybe on a set piece , but during the run of play things are a little more chaotic . you gotta pick your head up , and wondo did n't . 
if a player kicks it far into the stands , can the fan who gets the ball keep it ? 	i believe if it happens with the last play of the game you can . 
man , if you told me a year ago that shea would be playing lb and jones cb right now , i would have called you a silly person . because that 's just silly . 	got to be honest . not impressed with shea right now . would like to see him be a bit more field aware . that said , he is not doing any worse then yedlin . 
please note how almost everyone in the crowd is wearing the bomb - pop jersey because it 's so much better than this yacht attire we wear every game . 	the players look like they 're dressed for a tennis game on an english estate or something . 
if a player kicks it far into the stands , can the fan who gets the ball keep it ? 	nah , they just throw it back . 
the maps are so small that they have to be otherwise it would be a hitscan explosion . 	absolutely . it takes a little longer , but shoulder - fired rockets can almost reach bullet - like speeds , which is definitely way too fast to make a typical 100 - 150 meter shot . 
the grocery store in my area does n't sell alcohol 	the liquor store in my area does n't sell tampons . 
i recommend a ps4 controller . it 's awesome , and you can use the touchpad to control your mouse cursor . which can be used for the wii remote pointer in wii games on dolphin ! 	how well would you say the cursor works that way ? compared to an actual wiimote or mouse ? can you use it to control windows in general ? 
did you try changing download locations ?   	for whatever reason the both were only giving me on dl server . went with the stand alone and it actually is already done . guess it did n't need to reinstall all 22 patches . 
i think that is a perfectly good point . popular culture believes anyone who dares suggest they believe in self - defense is some sort of monster right wing gun nut militant terrorist . 	so then it should be easy to support the claim with facts . 
levelling costs are the same as they 've always been , it 's evolution that has become more expensive . 	i know , but i was talking about the cost to feed a penguin vs the experience received . 
yeah , just before leveling starts getting expensive . 	levelling costs are the same as they 've always been , it 's evolution that has become more expensive . 
in the end they need indians to sent their fucking satellites to space . 	he has gone overboard but he does have a point with things he said about little india . answering everything with our space missions is not going to change things which really need to change . 
maybe someone had a copy of private eye or something . 	more likely a copy of the sun . 
i 'm 24 and never seen :   - any jurassic park .   - any terminator .   - any indiana jones .   - any godfather .   - any star wars .   - any star trek .   - any transformers . 	oh cool we 're the same . although i 've watched 1 transformers movie 
there are literally 70 million of us ! 	if you 're going by 7 billion , then those 70 mil are probably all women . 
i have never read , or watched a single harry potter . nor do i ever intend to ! 	you 're a muggle piece of shit . 
i 've seen clips of frozen but never actually watched the movie from start to finish and have no idea what the plot is . does that count ? 	yes . i watched it with my daughter but slept through most of it and do n't remember the part i watched , so i 've never seen it either . 
i have never read , or watched a single harry potter . nor do i ever intend to ! 	i do n't really think adamantly not reading something is something to be proud about . 
i 'm 24 and never seen :   - any jurassic park .   - any terminator .   - any indiana jones .   - any godfather .   - any star wars .   - any star trek .   - any transformers . 	fuck ive only seen jurassic park . 
i 'm 24 and never seen :   - any jurassic park .   - any terminator .   - any indiana jones .   - any godfather .   - any star wars .   - any star trek .   - any transformers . 	i 'm in the same boat as you except i 've seen jurassic park . 
is carnival country wide , or just at its peak in rio ? 	country wide . it 's 3 days off in the whole country , and every city has its party . rio , of course , has the greatest one . 
can you show us a picture ? 	i shall deliver upon this once i get home . 
yet . right ? youre gonna watch them , right ? 	since almost all of those are classics , i kinda of want to wait , and watch them for the first time with my son . 
i have never read , or watched a single harry potter . nor do i ever intend to ! 	do you read books at all ? hp is one of those books that will be taught in schools for generations . anyone who has any interest in literature should read them . 
i do n't have a bad hand writing , i have my own font . this is what i would like to think at least . 	no thought i have is original , proven once again by reddit . 
do you read books at all ? hp is one of those books that will be taught in schools for generations . anyone who has any interest in literature should read them . 	anyone who has interest in getting kids to read should use them . they 're not written well enough to be educational material . 
this next weekend is carnival , here in brazil . monday , tuesday and wednesday are days off . 	is carnival country wide , or just at its peak in rio ? 
anyone who has interest in getting kids to read should use them . they 're not written well enough to be educational material . 	reading just about any book is educational . you are still using your imagination and exercising your brain . 
i 'm 24 and never seen :   - any jurassic park .   - any terminator .   - any indiana jones .   - any godfather .   - any star wars .   - any star trek .   - any transformers . 	wait . are you me ? 
welp , that 's unexpected . pb phase really favored yoe side . 	not really . i think the picks were both very good , all high priority in meta , though they did n't suit tpa the finest 
out of the 30k students at unc charlotte , i 've yet to find 1 that plays monster hunter and is on reddit . 	does a university that big really lack some kind of gaming club ? i bet you could at least find some people in person without too much searching . 
arizona state university ! 	hell yeah , sun devil hunters ! i live on the tempe campus if you want to meet up . just shoot me a message on here . 
its in manhattan beach . we are like 2 hours away 	monster hunter is worth any distance travelled ! 
definitely ! ca n't wait to get hunting ! 	since gamestop is n't doing a midnight release i 'm actually heading over to walmart at midnight to pick it up . i 'm so glad i do n't have class on fridays ! 
check on the amazon page . if you log on , it 'll show which edition you purchased and it should show the third one . 	i 've attached a picture in my post . is it in your order page ? 
i 've attached a picture in my post . is it in your order page ? 	yeah . i 'll link a image . gimme a sec 
yupp he needs to drop by the bay area tech company atm .  campaigning season must be starting up soon . 	you think he 's raising money for the party ? he wo n't be campaigning for anything himself . 
i had never heard this word before , but i think i have it regularly ! i just thought it was acne . can it happen on the thighs and shoulders as well ? 	yeah , i explode the fuck out of my shoulders pretty often . if you have acne , it 'll explode the acne much easier than the rest of your skin and turn it dark purple . 
what are you talking about breathing causes a significant loss of tightness , that 's why a breathing paused squat is so challenging 	it only creates a loss of tightness if you are still at the point where you do n't know how to breath while maintaining pressure . 
yeah , i explode the fuck out of my shoulders pretty often . if you have acne , it 'll explode the acne much easier than the rest of your skin and turn it dark purple . 	xd holy shit i can just imaging it . oh my god , going to go die in this corner now . 
its not me so i do n't really feel comfortable showing it , but basically it looks like he has freckles . except those freckles are blood under his skin 	ask him if you can post it . for science and stuff . 
number one piece of medical advice that you 'll find on reddit : do n't get medical advice on reddit 	the paradox in this has my head spinning . 
he did n't say not to buy them . he said to buy what you can even if you cannot fill all your slots or cannot afford a full set . 	you got what i meant perfectly , thanks : p 
does n't perfume have like whale vomit in it ? 	i think it 's whale sperm . 
so right now your phone is unlocked and works but cannot be rooted ? 	yes , that 's right . it wiped all data when i unlocked it , but ca n't get the root to work . 
i did n't realize he had written a book . i may have to check that out . 	it 's very good . you learn about just how helpless he was with drugs and also some neat history of the band . 
it looks like it could be wax or hash but it does not look right at all . what did your friend tell you it was ? 	my friend brought me some weed i ordered from a dealer and this was also in the pack . along with some home - made chili powder . 
we used to catch a whole dinner 's worth at our cottage . light batter and deep fry until bones crunch . serve with lemon . yum ! good low - pollution and sustainable fish as well . 	does n't hurt that it 's relatively cheap either . 
so , you downvote because you ca n't google ? thanks 	i did n't downvote you . here 's an upvote though to get you back to 0 . 
your bra size is wrong . you need to get fitted for one at a bra store or there is a sub here for bra fitting . 	i would fit her with a hand bra . 
you 're face didnt age with your body . 20 year old body . 15 year old face . 	damn . bad news now , good news in 20 years ? : p 
why i lost my sex drive ? a lot of it had to do with a rather traumatic experience , as well as antidepressants that i need . 	sorry to hear that .  i 'm just curious when a self - aware person remarks on a change in themselves . 
semantics . i would be surprised if an english word showed up in latin texts . 	any language 's word for marriage . you know what i 'm saying . now you 're being facetious . 
it was to christians who hold the specified beliefs . there are like 40k different types of you people , some of which fit the neat little box . 	no , the debate is about that . no where , whatsoever , is it mentioned that only people who hold the belief can respond . 
the last line serves no positive purpose . i see no rational argument for its inclusion . 	ok fair enough . feel free to delete if that 's what you need to do . i still do n't think it violates anything in the sidebar but i 'm not the mod !  have a nice evening 
i thought the question applied to christians . my bad , i apologise for not falling into the neat little box you put christians in . 	it was to christians who hold the specified beliefs . there are like 40k different types of you people , some of which fit the neat little box . 
i judge posts - i do n't relate them to one another . if you feel i should look at it , reply with a link and i 'll see if it needs moderation . 	you do n't consider the context of a post ? 
i did , the game crashed on day 1 connecting . the party just waited for me to rejoin . 	i guess you have to do it again without disconnecting . play from the beginning of the heist . at least the achievement is fun . i 've done it 4 times now with other people . 
do n't you have to play from the beginning of the heist ? 	i did , the game crashed on day 1 connecting . the party just waited for me to rejoin . 
i guess you have to do it again without disconnecting . play from the beginning of the heist . at least the achievement is fun . i 've done it 4 times now with other people . 	i have like , four friends total who play this game . now 3 of them have the achievement . 
i have like , four friends total who play this game . now 3 of them have the achievement . 	the first time i did it i soloed it . which was n't too hard . you can still do that . 
also in raleigh . sad that classes are n't cancelled because i was not looking forward to negative degree wind chill 	dude , i know waiting 10 minutes for the bus in this cold is not great . 
ok , i get your point . does seem awkward for every body involved though do n't you think ? 	i 'm sure many people were upset . but then , marriage is such a huge deal in india and expectations are extremely high . so she may have just freaked out . 
her tits were subpar , so ehhhh is the most i can bring to this conversation 	no one knows who you 're talking about 
you are draining my bank account , you beautiful fuck 	there 's one on green river killer as well . pretty interesting from the pov of the detective 
i do n't understand , what do you mean by normal , but earth was n't destroyed at all . it just caused creation of the moon . 	so you 're telling me there 's no difference between earth right now and earth 10 seconds after a mars sized object slammed into it ? 
how long after that did it take before earth was back to normal ? hundreds of thousands of years ? 	i do n't understand , what do you mean by normal , but earth was n't destroyed at all . it just caused creation of the moon . 
i never said that , but since you believe things without evidence i do n't doubt that you consider that the truth . 	by your logic goku hasnt dodged lighting , goku is slow . 
life wiping and destroying planet are not on par . earth has already been hit by mars size astronomical object . 	how long after that did it take before earth was back to normal ? hundreds of thousands of years ? 
i can do it voluntarily , it also makes me yawn if i let it go long enough . it helps if you have your eyes closed . 	same here . i also use it to pop my ears in high altitude or when i get sick . 
im sorry , this is actually amazing . the fact you 're all torn up about it makes it that much sweeter . 	i 'm glad you got off today . maybe you 'll find more pleasure with a vagina over trolling on reddit . that 's unless you love cock ?   
demo of what exactly ? the whole game is demo at this point basically 	i would n't know that because i ca n't play it without purchasing lol 
well space engineers is more finished , i do n't think putting a super early access game like this on a free weekend would make sense 	true , but a demo or something would be nice . a limited time or materials demo . 
cool ! did you start hard mode yet ? 	well i 'm not op , but i can see the trophies from the moon events on his walls , so i would guess so . 
people would n't keep buying them if they were n't addicted to the substance in them . 	people buy non - alcoholic beer 
kojima reminds me of a a rich kid repeatedly telling a group of homeless how awesome his life is . 	what an asinine response . he 's not chilling and playing the game . he 's play testing it . it 's not fun . 
by the same guy who said he was done with the series after every major release for the past couple games ? 	has a mgs game ever been publicly delayed ? i seriously do n't know . 
if you 're not familiar with mgs development , then you should know that kojima and his team were 3 months away from release when kojima began the bug testing process for mgs4 . 	cool story . but kojima just will say that mgs 5 much bigger than mgs 4 so he need in several times much more time for bug testing . 
unity was in development 3 years . it 's a rotation cycle like cod . 	where from you know that ? first of all cod series is creating by two separate studios , second - cod creating in one year . every assassin 's creed game creating by ubisoft montreal . 
i really god damn hope so ! what 's with the change of flair anyways eff ? i cracked up so bad reading your text flair . i just knew that 's what it would be . 	i have finally accepted frank as my spirit animal : p 
i really hope there are parts in tpp where you have no access to the chopper and you 're required to run around in the free world , stranded , or something similar . 	the chopper can get shot down . this could happen in gz but due to the strict mission it resulted in a mission failure . 
i want to own 30 cars at once . im 18 and i currently have 3 cars . 	not bad : p 
we do n't talk about pizza that way round here bud , you better watch your mouth . just kidding it does look under cooked but i 'd still hit it . 	nobody said anything about not eating it . 
people want so badly for this to turn into something . if we buy it then we have a story , otherwise there is nothing going on . 	exactly . there is n't a narrative that makes this interesting , but that wo n't stop folks from trying .   
disc golf would be so good to watch with the trackers espn has . 	right ? i 'm a fan of golf too and watch it quite frequently , those tracker shots they do are amazing . 
gotta dig that tracker they got there , though i wish i could see it going in a bit better . 	disc golf would be so good to watch with the trackers espn has . 
wow , why are you mad . i ca n't help how i feel . 	of course you can help how you feel . your emotions , every single one of them , are under your complete control at all times . 
what happens if you chew too much ? 	if you chew to much it just dries out fast . its pretty much just loose tobacco leaves that you you throw in your mouth and chew on . 
to fill the empty spaces and merge lobbies . 	i have been pulled out of full lobbies and put into some bullshit game . 
bombs . 	war ? neighborhood kids ? i 'm intrigued . 
there are millions of people who will buy it just because it 's apple . sad but true 	yes , but for how long will these people use it ? 
yes , but for how long will these people use it ? 	i do n't think it matters if they use it , apple will get millions of sales in the first week and thus become the number one smart watch in the world . that 's kind of the opposite of a flop 
why would domestic results impact international play at all ? 	mindset would be a part of it . not much , but if you are down from playing poorly then it would show in worlds . 
wearing a condom . it 's a safe thing to do .  even when it 's a shitty one and it end up burning your dick out of friction . 	that 's a good sign that you 've got the wrong size right there 
wtf man ? fuck that dude 	to be fair i was quite fat at that time , but it was an unnecessary comment anyway . 
i , one time , with my bare hands a football the wrong way caught and the pinky 90 - degree 'd but bent it back i did and carried on . 	you sound like you 're in full panic from some anal . 
washing dishes . i dropped a bowl on my foot and had to get stitches . 	were you not wearing shoes ? 
not at all ! last year we had attendees from outside the us , and we expect that will be the case again this year . 	were you at the one last summer or did you just post the article out of interest ? 
i did n't download anything in the past 4 months that is why i assumed it was through steam 	that assumption makes zero sense to anyone who knows even a little about how the software works . 
a fine choice but it always depends on the director . although david pro or madhouse will do a better job . 	they likely do n't have the money to outbid their competitors . they were n't a choice imo 
the syrian national coalition is n't really an opposition party lol 	what do you mean ? they 're in opposition to the current government . 
that 's insane ! i know they exist and what they do , but i do n't think i 've ever seen one working before !  also , that guy looks like he 's straight out of the 90 's 	i was thinking either late 70s disco fanatic or early 80s trucker . 
golf is played at a very specific reynolds number , the same effect is not necessarily applicable to all engines . 	this . the flow is much faster than a golf ball . also these are rough jagged dimples not smooth ones . no matter what the velocity on the surface is zero . 
how the fuck does a machine tool get in there ? 	there 's no valve during the machining . so there 's a nice round hole to run a bit through . 
i was thinking either late 70s disco fanatic or early 80s trucker . 	it was really mind fucking me though . the video is decent , and the mill is fairly modern , but he makes it look like the wrong decade 
it was really mind fucking me though . the video is decent , and the mill is fairly modern , but he makes it look like the wrong decade 	that cylinder head is from 1997 at the earliest , so the video could be almost 18 years old . i 'm not sure of the age of the machine . 
should have trained more at 50 times earth gravity . 	oh well . shoulda woulda coulda , am i right ? the closest i 've come is playing ddr with chest and ankle weights 
if i had a dollar for every time an angry hispanic person nearly ran me over even though the walk sign was on and cursed me out in spanish , i 'd have two dollars . 	haha ! the funny thing is , is that 's just brooklyn . in manhattan you 're more likely to get trampled my tourists then run over 
better than i 've done . i tried running with a parachute once . that was fun , if annoying . 	that almost sounds dangerous . like if there was a huge gust of wind that just sent you flying lol 
oh well . shoulda woulda coulda , am i right ? the closest i 've come is playing ddr with chest and ankle weights 	better than i 've done . i tried running with a parachute once . that was fun , if annoying . 
man , i would have loved if it was a legit parachute . i think we save those for bouncing small children in . 	ah yes , the big parachute in gym class . i still have the nightmares 
that almost sounds dangerous . like if there was a huge gust of wind that just sent you flying lol 	well , not a very large parachute . a couple feet in diameter . enough to give you a bunch of air resistance , which was kind of the point . 
hendrix could rise from the grave , record music that cures cancer , and it would get down voted here . also , at least one douche nozzle would hold forth about why it sucks . 	damn , even you 're getting downvoted . wow haha . 
black people already tend to think black lives matter . i thought the point was to get white people to understand that . wouldnt barring white people kinda impede that goal ? 	the point of the barring was probably to try to encourage a safe space , is what i imagine his reasoning to be . 
yeah , but the only one that is retail price does n't ship international : x 	yeah i 'm not sure how you could go about getting that , shipping would probably be expensive as well . a border service if you are in the u . s possibly ? 
i woke up the other day from thinking a bee flew into my ear from a dream , funny how that was one of the few nights recently where i did n't wear my cap .  what 's the plan for today ? 	better hop into work . just the usual . going to be feeling this weird emotional feeling at work all day too and ca n't really talk to my coworkers about it . 
nothing is good on alchemist at anytime anymore . worst hero in the game and is not viable ever anymore . 	maybe in competitive , but he 's certainly viable in pubs . source : i have played him in pubs to decent success . 
semi - on - topic question : does jugg lose health while armlet is on if he 's in omni ? 	being invulnerable should prevent hp loss via armlet . 
it 's pretty strong on undying but noone ever builds it on him anymore . he is so strong early game , it makes him ridiculous . 	wow ! i play some undying and have never tried that . what a great idea ! 
how good is armlet on bristleback ? i would imagine that it would make him even more of a pain to kill and the stats are obviously very helpful . 	i play armlet bristle back and he rocks and is unkillable i have great success rushing this item if i all doing well , stack bonus damage with your ult and ur one hell of a killing machine 
choosing if we want to be a templar or an assassin is the orientation i want to see in future games . 	and how exactly would one choose how an ancestor lived their life ? 
me neither . let 's just wait to be downvoted . 	glad i 'm not the only one ! 
yes i put extra salt on my dinner because of that . is this all doable long term though ?  btw , feeling better today , the avocado yesterday and extra broth must have helped . 	yes , but it takes time to adapt to exercise , up to 8 - 12 weeks . sodium before exercise can really help but mostly time . 
you need extra sodium for exercise . 	yes i put extra salt on my dinner because of that . is this all doable long term though ?  btw , feeling better today , the avocado yesterday and extra broth must have helped . 
do people still do snake drafts ? i thought those were just for office leagues where nobody has ever played before ? 	seriously ? it makes the draft way fairer and does n't immediately doom the person picking last . who does n't use snakes ? 
i think your opinion may be the minority . this is great for the price ! love all the bands listed . 	what are they charging ? 
